
Thank you very much. That's beautiful. And this is quite a place. It's an honor to be here at Precision Custom Components, a company that has helped to build and defend America for over 150 years. That's really an extraordinary achievement. I want to thank you, President Gary Butler, and the members of the wonderful Butler family, members of Congress, Scott Perry and GT Thompson.



You're here someplace in this very big factory, wherever you may be there. There you are. Great people, great warriors, I will tell you. My trade representative, Ambassador Robert Lighthizer, who's fantastic at a thing called trade. We did very well at trade, and you were fantastic. And I want to thank you, Bob, very much.



And chair of the York County Commissioners, Julie Wheeler. Thank you, Julie, very much. Thank you. And a very special congratulations to all of the people of York County today who are celebrating the 275th anniversary of York County's founding. That's pretty good. That beats most of them out there. But most of all, let me thank the exceptionally skilled and talented workers with us in this room.



I know you well, I know them -- from all over the country, they come, and they are the most talented people and the most brilliant people in so many respects. So, thank you all very much for being here. We appreciate it. Thank you. For generations, the handiwork of Precision Custom Components has strengthened the spine of America.



Your products have gone into the Hoover Dam and atomic energy plants, nuclear submarines, and they currently are doing a lot of work. I'm here today to deliver a simple message. When I'm back in the White House, America's future will be built right here in Pennsylvania, and it will be built by American workers like you.



It'll be all over the country we'll be building, but Pennsylvania is always a big factor. And we've had great success, as you know, politically and otherwise, in Pennsylvania, and we expect to have it again. We're doing very well here. Thank you very much. With your vote, we will unleash explosive economic growth and vast new prosperity for all of our citizens.



We will put more money into your pockets and create millions and millions of new jobs. We're going to do it like nobody else has ever been able to do it. Our plan will massively cut taxes, unlock American energy, slash regulations, big factor, crack down on trade cheaters and stop outsourcing, rebuild our industrial base and bring back those beautiful words, Made in the USA.



And we were doing that four years ago and starting to do really well.


And then, we had to stop for an unknown reason. Together, we will reclaim our nation's destiny as the No. 1 manufacturing superpower in the world. We will do it, and China won't even be close. Nobody will be. We had that going at a level that nobody had seen before, and we're going to have it going again even better.


And this firm and this people standing behind me and in front of me will be a big factor. Every policy in Kamala Harris' radical liberal playbook sends jobs and wealth to other countries.  The jobs go to other countries and the wealth goes to other countries. Every policy in the Trump agenda is designed to bring the jobs and wealth back home to America where it belongs and where it's going to stay.


Kamala puts America last, I put America first.  Some facts that are interesting. The year before I took office, the United States lost over 10,000 manufacturing jobs. Everybody said you'd never bring it back. But under my leadership, we created more than a half a million manufacturing jobs in less than three years.


After decades of wage stagnation and income surged, we had a surge like nobody's ever seen before. But it surged for everybody during the Trump administration. Every group, everybody, men, women, we had -- every household was at a level that they've never really experienced before. The typical American household saw their incomes grow by more than $4,200 per year.


Everyone was better off when you had a gentleman named President Donald J. Trump at the helm. Does anybody know him, whoever he may be? I kept every single promise I made to the workers of Pennsylvania and to every other place within our country. On day one, I withdrew from the unfair job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership.


And if I didn't do that, you wouldn't be open right now. You wouldn't have a job. That was a big thing. It was approved by another president. It would have destroyed our manufacturing in this country still further. I imposed historic tariffs on foreign aluminum and foreign steel and numerous other things that were unfair to our country and unfair to our workers.


I ended the total disaster known as NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made by this country and replaced it with the brand new USMCA, that's Mexico and Canada, the best trade deal ever made by our country. Although, I will tell you that I think the deal was -- with China was probably even better. They had to buy $50 billion worth of our product.


But after COVID, I don't even talk about that anymore. Fifty billion dollars, they had to buy, and they were buying it, too. And I stood up to China like never before, bringing in hundreds of billions of dollars when no other president had gotten literally 10 cents from China. I brought in hundreds of billions of dollars from China, never happened before.


Nobody else literally got 10 cents. We passed the largest tax cuts in history, the largest regulation cuts in history, and built the greatest economy in the history of the world. We were at a level that nobody had ever seen before. And now, we're going to do it again, but we're going to do it even bigger, better, stronger, and smarter.



When I left office, I handed Kamala and crooked Joe Biden a surging economy with no inflation. You had no inflation. You had -- everything was good. Great wages, no inflation. Now, you have inflation at levels that I don't believe anyone's ever seen before. The 30-year mortgage rate was 2.6 percent, but it was actually closer to 1.9 if you look at it the way that most people look at it. And gasoline had reached and was basically at levels of $1.87 a gallon, but we had months and moments where it was even less than that.


Wouldn't that be nice? $1.87, Gary. That would be -- that would be very nice. The family likes it more than Gary. Gary's been around too long. The family likes it more. Our economic future had never looked brighter when Kamala and Biden came in. They quickly blew it all up, destroyed -- 350,000 Americans joined the unemployment rolls last month.


Did you know that? I keep hearing about their economy. Their economy is terrible. And the inflation is eating everybody alive, and it's been doing that for three years. The no inflation or almost no inflation, it kept going during the early part of this administration, this current administration. But it ended very quickly.


And then, it went to levels. And so quickly, it went so fast, and it was a shame. And it was all blown up and destroyed and jobs were lost, a lot of jobs were lost. Our country is doing really badly under them, and nobody wants to talk about it. The media doesn't like talking about it because the Democrats, they really protect themselves.


It's pretty amazing. Someday, the media is going to become real media instead of fake media, and you're going to see a big difference in the country. Real incomes are down $2,000 a year since she took office. Kamala cast the tie-breaking votes that gave us the worst inflation in American history, costing a typical family $28,000. And under Kamala, we have fallen into manufacturing recession with 13,000 manufacturing jobs lost in the United States since just the start of this year.



I don't know if you all know that, but that's what's happened. And it will happen here, and it will happen in this plant. It will happen everywhere if she gets in. If Kamala gets in the United States will rapidly become a de-industrialized third-world nation like so many others have become. She's running on socialist price controls, banning gas-powered cars and trucks.


And private health insurance policies are gone. She wants to defund the police, abolish cash bail. She wants to abolish it immediately, cash bail. She wants to abolish ICE, get rid of the incredible brave patriots of ICE who take MS-13 gang members, probably the worst gang anywhere in the world, horrible situation.


They take them out, and they take them out bravely. They're strong, they're fierce, and they love our country. She wants to give free health care for millions of illegal aliens and give them all citizenship into the United States immediately. And she then wants to sign them up for Medicare and Social Security, and she wants them to vote illegally if possible.


 They don't care. They don't care about the laws. Very simply, Kamala Harris is an economy wrecker and a country destroyer. Our country will be destroyed if she gets in. Her radical liberal agenda ruined San Francisco.


It ruined California when she was the attorney general. It crushed our middle class, demolished our border, set the world on fire. And now, she wants to be promoted to the job killer in chief, but much more than job killer. Everything else is going to go bad. She set the standard in California. Think of this, if you steal $950 or less, they're going to leave you alone.


They can't be bothered. So, you see criminals going into stores with little computer, adding it up, everything they've stolen, they want to stay under the 950, but they don't get prosecuted for above that. The only one that gets prosecuted is somebody would talk about the unfair election. They get prosecuted.


But when you steal and rob and kill and so many other things, when you sell drugs and destroy people's lives, nothing happens to you under Kamala. But we will not let this happen. We're not going to let it happen to our country. Seventy-eight days from now, Pennsylvania is going to tell her that we've had enough, that we can't take it anymore.


And comrade -- comrade Kamala Harris, you're fired. Get out.  You're not doing the job. Get out. You're fired. While Biden and Harris have been impoverishing our country, they have been getting rich, very rich at your expense now. It just came out. It just was reported today by a great young reporter, Brooke Singman at Fox.


According to a 292-page report from the House Oversight, Judiciary, and Ways and Means Committees in Congress, just got out a little while ago just before I got here, I said, "No, I want to talk about it just briefly." It's so sad because he's going to be making a speech tonight.


And they don't call him crooked Joe for no reason. They said President Biden engaged in impeachable conduct and said he abused his office and defrauded the United States of America to enrich his family. Republicans revealed that since 2014, the Biden family and its associates received more than $27 million from foreign individuals and entities.


They also found that while Biden was serving as vice president, the Biden family got more than $8 million in loans from Democrat benefactors. And they said that those loans have never been repaid. Those are the best kind of loans, aren't they? This report says in part that Vice President Biden actively participated in this conspiracy by, among other things, attending dinners with his family, foreign business partners, and speaking to them by phone, often being placed on speakerphone by Hunter Biden.



Republicans are calling out a 2014 dinner that Hunter Biden and his family attended with a Russian oligarch. And they said that, after that dinner, that oligarch wired $3.5 million to Hunter Biden's firm very quickly. It was a very quick wiring. I'm sure he worked very hard for the money. Several witnesses testified that Hunter Biden invoked his father in business dealings with Romanian, Chinese, Kazakhstani, and Ukrainian companies, in addition to other companies and people, resulting in millions and millions of dollars flowing into the Biden family.


As everybody knows, $3.5 million was sent from the mayor of Moscow, the mayor of Moscow's wife. Remember, I brought that up in the debate. I had -- I said, "Why did this happen?" And the anchor wouldn't let me ask that question. They thought it was inappropriate. But then, it blew up. $3.5 million was sent by the mayor of Moscow's wife to the family.


They were also calling out Biden for his handling of classified documents. They said during his tenure as vice president, Joe Biden removed highly sensitive classified documents from the White House despite having no authority to do so. And remember, comrade Kamala, she knew everything, and the senators knew what was going on. And by the way, I had my own classified documents case, and I was totally exonerated.


 Totally. It was a case brought by Joe Biden and Kamala. She was involved. They did that in order to interfere with the election. And it still goes on, different cases. But that was, according to most, the big one. And we were totally exonerated the case was won a month ago.


Very little coverage of the case being won, I must say. I think that a lot of the media didn't even talk about it. There's no way someone could have stolen that much money without Democrat senators knowing what was going on. He wined and dined them at Joe's houses. They saw his boats, they saw the way he lived, they saw his beautiful mansions.


I would have made billions of dollars in this job if I wanted to play that game the way they played it. But instead, I took the job very seriously and very importantly. And you can see, from the recently announced financial reports, I don't need the money, and I'm proud to announce that doing and being president, I lost billions of dollars.


And I knew that would happen Maybe not quite as much as that, but I'm satisfied with that because we want to make America great again. That's much more important. We have to make America great again.  Well, I could have played it the other way though I could have made so much. I see some of my friends over here.


I could have made so much. No, I didn't want to do that. This is too important, this is too big a thing. I've got to save our country because our country is really in big trouble. We're a nation in decline. We're going down the drain. The drain is the swamp that you've heard so much about. You -- they get rich.


In Washington, some of these politicians, what they're doing to our country is disgraceful. But he's one of the leaders of the pack. You have others. The No. 1 step we will take to launch a great American manufacturing renaissance will be to end Kamala Harris' war on American energy. It's a war. And you do know that inflation was caused by her cutback on energy.


And then, what they did is they, in a panic move, shortly thereafter when the numbers for gasoline, oil, and electricity and everything else that comes from energy and out of energy, when they started going through the roof, they immediately went back to the Trump plan. But what they didn't go back to is my plan would have been doubled, tripled, and even quadrupled from the numbers I had four years ago.


They didn't do that. They brought it back to a similar because they were getting just absolutely destroyed by the numbers. It was going up. And you can bet that if we don't win, she takes over, your energy numbers will be triple and quadruple. And you won't be producing a drop of oil. They ended the largest oil reserve anywhere in the world, probably as large as Saudi Arabia.


The Saudi Arabia has this massive amount of oil, it's called ANWR in Alaska. They ended it on close to day one. They ended it. Ronald Reagan couldn't get it. No other president got it. I got it. And it's bigger than Russia, bigger than Saudi Arabia, most likely, they seem to think, biggest in the world. They've been after -- they've been after getting that approved for many, many decades.


Ronald Reagan worked so hard to get it, he couldn't get it. I got it. And then, they ended it. They were just set to start drilling, everything was done. And he came into office, he ended it. On day one, I will tell the frackers and energy workers of Pennsylvania to drill, baby, drill.  And she's totally a nonfracker, you know that, until a few months ago.


She said, oh -- just like on tips. We're not going to tax tips. All of a sudden, she comes out and she says the same thing, exactly the same words that I used months later and other things. She said -- like trying to copy my policy, but it takes much more than copying a policy because they're never going to produce it anyway.


Our country is going to be in serious trouble, but she was a nonfracker, no fracking under any -- she's like 100 times saying, "I will not frack." Look at her debates. "There will be no fracking, will be no --" then a few months ago, she said, "Oh, we'd love to frack." You know, with the politician, they go back to their original thought.


There will be no fracking if she's elected in Pennsylvania or anywhere else. You'll have energy that will go up three, four, or five times. You'll be paying $10 a gallon for gasoline and a lot higher than that. Unleashing American energy will reduce prices, launch record-setting economic growth, create millions and millions of jobs, and produce higher wages for the American worker.


You can't be a manufacturing powerhouse unless you have low-cost energy. We will have low-cost energy. Electricity rates for a Chinese factory are more than 50 percent lower than the price of electricity for an American factory. And we were working four years ago and really getting it long, and then we were hit with -- the COVID came in, we focused on that.


We did a great job. If we didn't do a great job on that, we would have been in a depression like in 1929, which is where you're heading if she gets in. You're heading for the depression of 1929, that type that's called the big-league depression. Since Kamala took office, electricity prices in America up much more than 30 percent nationwide.


And here, in Pennsylvania, they're expected to increase by another 30 percent. They think it's going to be actually unsustainable for your state if she gets in. It's not sustainable. It's not sustainable for the country. That's why I have declared that a top priority for my administration will be to cut the cost of energy in half within the first 12 months of taking office.


So, we'll cut it in half. I think we'll be able -- I think we'll be able to do better than that. We're going to be cutting it in half. That'll help you a little bit, won't it?
Gary Butler 00:25:08-00:25:09 (1 sec)


Absolutely.


And I think we'll do that very quickly. That includes heating, air conditioning, electricity and gasoline. Your bills will be less than half. When you look at the New England area, they pay some of the highest energy anywhere in the world because they can't put a pipeline in. They've been restricted from putting a pipeline in through a certain section of New York that is desperately wanting it. They need the job so badly.


And if they did that in New England, the prices would come down half just with the pipeline alone. They were getting their gasoline and their energy from a place called Russia. Ships would pull up on the east coast, Russian ships. And that's where New England got it from, and they were paying a big price.


And to this day, they're paying the highest prices. But we'll take care of that. We'll take energy costs, all of it. Air conditioning, heating, all of it, including gasoline, will drop by more than 50 percent within the first 12 months. So, remember that. That includes for factories. This will help us quickly defeat inflation and make America affordable again.


By contrast, Kamala Harris wants to ban fracking. She supports a national carbon tax, which is a horrible tax that will destroy many businesses that will have a huge impact on this business. But that will destroy a carbon tax. Nobody even knows what it is. Nobody knows how to calculate it. And she imposed a natural gas export ban, all catastrophic things for Pennsylvania.


That means all the income coming in, for the most part, you'll have none of it. You'll lose 500,000 jobs and you won't have the income coming up. That means Pennsylvania is going to have to pay -- your commonwealth, your beautiful commonwealth is going to have to pay numbers that nobody ever thought even possible or worth a discussion.


Kamala is also on a regulatory regulatory jihad to shut down power plants all across America. Now, Germany tried it just a couple of years ago, and they ended up getting rid of their political leaders very quickly. And now, they're building probably 50 or 60 power plants currently, and they're looking to build a lot more.


But they got rid of everything, and they wanted to go to wind and solar and lots of other things. Unfortunately, it didn't work. They couldn't fire up the plants. The plants were closed, and they couldn't get them going. And now, they've gone to the other extreme. They've gone back to fossil fuel, I hope clean fossil fuel, clean coal.


They do have clean coal, they have coal that actually has to make your electricity. And if you didn't have fossil fuel, you wouldn't have electricity because that's where it comes from originally. And you can have very clean and efficient natural gas. At least 50 existing power plants have closed since she took office, Kamala took office.



They're closing them all over the country. They're closing nuclear, they're closing coal. They're closing everything. We're not going to have -- that's why in California, you have blackouts all the time. They're constant blackouts. And yet they want to go to all electric cars. Let's go to all electric cars, even though we don't have enough electricity to give it herself, some cool and some heat in the summers and the winters.


I'm announcing today that when I return to the White House, I will end the anti-American energy crusade and terminate Kamala's so-called power plant rule. It's a disaster for our country. Our country will have no jobs by the time these communists and Marxists get rid of -- I mean, when they destroy the country.



Probably can never come back either, just so you understand. Too much competition from other countries that are doing it right. We have a lot of competition out there, not only China. We have a lot of other competition. Instead of shutting down power plants, we will open dozens and dozens more, and they'll happen fast.


Kamala stands for energy disappearance and factory obliteration. She will obliterate factories like this. I stand for American energy independence and manufacturing dominance. We're going to be dominant in manufacturing. We're going to be dominant in energy, too, not just getting it to take care of ourselves.


We're going to be selling it all over the world. We're going to be reducing our debt. We're going to be lowering your taxes still further. Don't forget, I gave you the largest tax cut in history. We're going to be lowering your taxes still further. Upon taking office, I will do rapid approvals for new energy infrastructure, and we will embrace all forms of energy including nuclear.



Nuclear is a great energy. This plant is making some things that I just got to see, and it's incredible what you've done, what Gary and the family have done, the level of complexity, the level of detail. The power that we're talking about is incredible to power our country into the future, including the electricity demands of AI and cryptocurrencies, which is a very big subject.



It's coming up more and more, and we have to stay at the top. We want to be right at the forefront. Otherwise, China and other countries will take it over. That's both of them, AI and crypto. We will make a historic commitment to bring in advanced small modular nuclear reactors online, building these massive plants that cost $20 billion that don't even get built like we had recently in a couple of other states.


I won't mention the states. But they had two plants that got so out of control with cost overruns, massive, massive nuclear plants. No, we're going to do small reactors, small nuclear, we call it. France does that. France does very well with that. They do small. And if they need more, they build a second one or a third one or fourth one.



They hook them up together. With the help of companies like yours, these can be built ultra safe, they're ultra clean and they're very low cost, but they are absolutely safe. Under Kamala's green new scam, billions and billions of taxpayer dollars are being sent to subsidize solar panel factories, windmill factories, battery production, and car production all based in China, Which we are subsidizing massive amounts of product for solar, for wind.



It's all made in China. Under the Trump administration, we will build American, buy American, and hire American. That's what we're going to be doing. Kamala's economic agenda, rewards outsourcers, and punishes American workers by making it economically impossible to manufacture in America. What I'm promising today is a total pro-American overhaul of our tax regulation and trade systems to promote domestic production and punish those who ship jobs and factories overseas, or to places like Mexico, where right now the head of the United Auto Workers doesn't know this, they're building some of the biggest car factories, just started.



Anywhere in the world, person I know who builds car factories. That's all he does, build car factories. He said, "The biggest ones in the world are being right now in Mexico. And they think they're going to bring those cars in, make them in Mexico, bring them in here and sell them to our people, and destroy Detroit and the rest of our car business." They've already taken 30 percent before I got there, 30 percent.


They did nothing against us when I was there. I told them "If you want to build car factories, you're going to have to pay a 100 percent tariff to get the car into this country." They immediately said, "Well, I guess we're not going to build a car factory, right?" That's what happened, but now they're building the biggest in the world, right in Mexico and they think they're going to take our car.


They're not going to do that. If I'm here, because I will be putting massive tariffs on those cars coming across the border, it won't make any economic sense. So, I actually think they should stop building them unless they want to sell those cars to another country. Kamala wants no taxes on Chinese producers, wants no taxes, what's that all about, while imposing the largest tax hike in the history of our country on factories in the United States.


OK. So, she wants a no tax policy on China, but she wants to tax factories like this and other factories at levels that they've never seen before. Under her plan, manufacturers will pay even higher taxes in America than in Communist China. By contrast, I will pass gigantic tax cuts for workers and keep their jobs here in the United States.


They're going to stay here. We're going to beat everybody. We're going to beat them like a drum, and we were doing that against China. You know there was a -- there was a long-time expression that China will take over the world's largest economy. It will take it over in 2019. Well, in 2019 we were doing so well, 2018, 2017. China never even came close.


We were lapping them. They never came close. And even President Xi said congratulations. They thought they would be -- long time, this is 15, 20 years ago, they said, "2018, 2019, China will dominate." Nope, we were doing -- it would never happen. In fact, I said, after we started really doing it, as long as we have smart presidents, they'll never catch us because they can't beat our system.



We will have big tax cuts for families and small businesses, and we will have no tax on Social Security and no tax on tips. So, they haven't copied social Security yet, but they -- they will -- don't forget he's the one that destroyed our seniors with inflation. Inflation has destroyed our seniors. It's the worst thing that could happen.


The people that behave the best that did it the American way that saved their money, they got decimated because their money went down because they couldn't live -- they were losing money with me. They were putting money in the bank and making a lot of money. They were saving a lot of money. After I left, they were losing all of that money they saved.



Kamala wants to spend $1.7 trillion in wasteful spending, causing more inflation, and she says it's a mistake to ask her how she's going to pay for it. "Please, it's a mistake." She just said it. She just said something that nobody has any idea what she said, but she said it's a mistake to ask how we're paying for it. Kamala Harris can't answer how she'd pay for any of her new radicalized liberal spending schemes that will bankrupt our country and do it quickly, destroy Social Security, destroy Medicare.


She has no clue how she paid for $25,000 to every first-time homebuyer, including illegals, just like they were going to pay the bills of college students. Unfortunately, that didn't happen and won't happen. They gave up that -- Supreme Court gave it up because it was unfair to all of those people. One of the reasons, all of the people for years and years that paid back their loans.


and now, we're going to give something free, but it didn't happen. It was just talk. He knew it wouldn't happen, too, crooked Joe. He knew that was not going to happen. No clue how she'd pay for free health care for illegals. She wants to give free health care to illegals. Now, you want to stop people from coming into our country, the first thing you do and you would have to do this immediately, no health care.


We can't do that. We can't afford it. It's not sustainable. But they're doing it, just the opposite come to America live. The American dream will give your children free schooling. We'll give you free health care. We'll give you pensions, we'll put you into Social Security. This is why people are pouring into our country.


And that's a very dangerous -- in the caravans, that's a very dangerous trip. Thousands and thousands of people are dying in those caravans coming up to our country. And they're coming up because the promises are being made to them that can't be -- just can't be kept, no clue how she'd pay for the $100 trillion.


Think of that, 100 trillion, with a T, dollars. Green new scam, it's a scam. Out of the $100 trillion, you wouldn't -- there's not $1 of it that would help our country, not $1 of it. It'll destroy our country. and no clue how she'd pay for the hundreds of billions of dollars in new foreign aid giveaways.


We're giving away money at levels that nobody has ever seen before. No other country would do it. No other country would be so stupid to do it. That's why it's so important to vote for Trump to stop the reckless spending and the destruction of our country. We will not have a country left. I will stop the special interest giveaways, cut waste, and restore common sense to our government.


The Republican Party is the Republican party of common sense, that's what it is. Kamala will bury American workers in regulations. I will liberate our workers with the largest regulatory cuts ever recorded. We've already done some of them, but she put them right back. They put them right back repealing every single job killing regulation of the Biden-Harris administration.


The electric vehicle mandate, which is absolutely so crazy, will be gone, and there will be no costly forced transition to all electric cars and trucks. If you want a gasoline-propelled car or a hybrid or an electric car, they're wonderful, too. But not all. people need to go longer distances, they want to pay less money because they're fantastic.


Electric is -- everything is great. You have to be able to buy everything. They have a mandate. We don't have enough electricity for ourselves. And now, they're talking about putting all the cars on it. Well, it doesn't work because the cars don't go far. If you'd like to go from here to, let's say Washington, to look after we fix the Capitol up and make it safe again, which will take approximately like quickly.


But after we fix it up and if you want to drive there, you don't want to stop five times. You want to be able to go there and you want to be able to enjoy it. And you don't want to be mugged or shot or killed in our capital, which has become very unsafe. It's horribly run, graffiti-stained, and we're going to fix it very quickly and beautifully.


We're going to make it the most beautiful capital anywhere in the world, and we're going to make it totally safe. Police are going to do a great job. Simultaneously, we will modernize our trade policies. The United States has long been taken advantage of by other countries at levels that nobody has any idea.


I would sit and look at these trade deals, many of which we -- we renegotiated with Japan, with South Korea, with Canada, Mexico, many -- but I'd look at these deals before we did the renegotiation. I'd say who would make deals like this. I mean, they were either crooked or really stupid, one or the other.


Probably crooked for the most part because I don't think they're stupid. But we had the worst trade deals, no country has ever had trade deals like we had. We fixed, many of them, made some of them extraordinary, we lose jobs and revenue, they gain everything. We lose jobs, we lose revenue, they destroy our country, they gain everything.


And they wipe out our businesses, which is good for them because then they can supply us with whatever we were making. I stopped it four years ago, and I will stop it very quickly again and we'll be making the product ourselves with our labor. We will not let countries come in and take our jobs and plunder our nation into poverty.


The way they will sell their product in America without having to pay any substantial tariff or tax is to build their factory in America and build their product in America using only American help.  And we have the help. Kamala Harris says that a tariff is a tax on American consumers.


She's wrong. It's a tax on a foreign producer. It's a tax on a foreign country. And I proved that better than anybody because I took in hundreds of billions of dollars worth of tariffs on different states, different -- on different countries And out of all of that money, we had no inflation. We had no inflation.


It also gives you power over that country. If they want to have wars with somebody, we can say, "No. If you do have wars, we're going to raise your tariffs." "Oh, sir, we won't have a war. We're OK with it. When -- we've decided not to go after somebody." You know, one thing a little off this. Everybody said, oh, "We might have wars with Trump." We had no wars with Trump.


First time in 78 years, we had no wars other than I finished some like ISIS, 100 percent defeated, 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate. What they did is Afghanistan, the most embarrassing day in the history of our country. And none of the generals got fired for the incompetence that they showed. Most embarrassing moment we would have left with dignity and strength.


We would have taken our $85 billion worth of equipment. We would have taken our hostages. We lost 13 great, great people. We had 47 people obliterated, the arms, the legs, the face obliterated. What a horrible day it was, what an embarrassment. What a horrible day to have death, to have such injuries. Nobody talks about the 47 people that lost their limbs that will suffer for the rest of their lives.


As I've said many, many times before, as tariffs on foreign countries go up, taxes on American workers and families come down. According to one recent study, a small 10 percent tariff on foreign-made products will allow massive tax cuts for working families, create more than 3 million American jobs, raise household incomes by 6 percent.


Think of that? And the 6 percent equates to $4,200 a year for a household and generate almost $1 trillion in economic growth, and it will go very quickly. It will also get rid of a large portion of our deficit because we don't want countries coming in here, stealing our jobs, hurting our country, killing our workers, leaving with everything.


And we, as usual, end up with empty empty factory buildings that are falling down. We end up with nothing. We want tariffs. If somebody wants to come in and take our jobs, if somebody wants to come in and sell us their product that's made in their country, that's OK. But they've got to pay tariffs, they've got to pay a price for that.


We're going to bring down your taxes at levels never seen before. We're going to pay off debt of our country because this country owes $35 trillion. But that rapidly can come down. And remember this, we're sitting on the largest amount of oil and gas we have. I call it liquid gold. We have more liquid gold than Saudi Arabia.


We have more liquid gold than Russia. But we don't use it. We go out, and we buy from other countries at ridiculous prices. We buy now from Venezuela, we buy tar. It's not really -- it's tar. And you know where we refine it at a factory, only one factory in the world can do it because of the nature of it, it's tar.


It's not good stuff. It's in Houston, Texas. So all of that, if you're an environmentalist, all of that's going right into the air in our country. We bring in lots of tar loads of it, we dump it in Houston, and they refine it. We have pure stuff. We have the best and we have the most right under our feet.


It's liquid gold. And we're going to use it, and we're going to reduce our deficit. We're going to reduce our debt and we're going to reduce your taxes. We're going to do everything right, and it's going to happen quickly, too. And as we reduce burdens on US manufacturers, our workers can make goods better and cheaper right here in our own country and right here in the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.


We don't need lectures on the economy from a candidate pushing communist price controls. Kamala has no idea what the hell she's doing. Her father is a Marxist professor, and I believe he taught her well. You know he's a Marxist professor. Can you imagine? Does anyone know that? I wonder if they knew that when they did an overthrow or a coup on Joe Biden.


I wonder if they knew where she comes from, where she came from, what her ideology is, but you could see it a little bit by this whack job. You know, he said we're weird. The JD and I are weird. I think we're extremely normal people. We're like you exactly like -- he's weird. Did you ever see him go on the stage and go like crazy?


It's like between his movement and her laugh, there's a lot of craziness. I'd say a step further than weird. Weird is a nice word by comparison. When I'm president, we're going to do things right. And when I was president, we imposed historic tariffs and prices and we did it all. We did it. All, prices didn't go up. Everybody said, "Oh, if you do that prices --" no, the country made less money.


That's what happened, gave us tremendous political leverage over those countries, too, for things having nothing to do with economics. They heard China, not America. That's why the Biden administration had no choice but to leave them in place, they've left them in place. They wanted to take them off. But so much money comes in from China and other places with the tariffs that I put on that Joe Biden as much as he wanted to do his friends a favor, couldn't do it too much money.


You couldn't justify it. There was no way to justify it. In my next term, I will revoke China's most favored nation trade status. It's very unfair. And by the way, I have great respect for President Xi. I think China and the United States will get along well together. I did until COVID came in. That was a step too far.


But I had a great relationship with President Xi. I had a great relationship with most of the leaders. I'll pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act so that if China or any other country, it's not just China -- the European Union treats us very badly. Nobody knows that very badly. We have a $250 billion deficit now with the European Union.


But if China or the European Union, if any other group of countries or country makes us pay a 100 or 200 percent tariff or tax, we will make them pay a reciprocal tariff or tax of the exact same amount. So, it's basically you hurt us, we hurt you. It's an eye for an eye, and it's common sense. We will ensure that we have 100 percent domestic American supply chains of all essential goods.


Our supply chain has crashed, and you don't write about it now, but it's still crashed. And all you have to do is say where's the package that was supposed to be here three months ago. People aren't getting them, it's very bad what's happened. They've destroyed our supply chain, which is something I didn't think could be done.


COVID proved that if we need it in a crisis, then we must be able to make it in America. We want to rely on ourselves. We have no choice. This is really a matter of national security. We will bring back electronic production, we're going to bring up electronics to electronics. We buy everything away. When you see the sophistication of the product.


I just saw at this place, electronics is peanuts by comparison. But pharmaceutical, too, it's outside of this country, 95 percent, were reliant on various other countries. Good countries, nothing wrong, but we want to do it ourselves. They make a tremendous amount of money. And we lose our jobs, and we want to do it ourselves.


Mineral production, car production, we're going to bring back the auto industry. We can do that. We can do better than anybody in the world. They've stolen 59 percent of our car making business. the union, the United Auto Workers, I think the people in that union are going to vote for me overwhelmingly because I'm going to bring car industry back.


They are destroying it. When they agree to all electric cars, they're not going to be made in this country. We will be making no cars in this country. And I was the one with South Korea that got the tax put on and extended on the small trucks. And if I didn't have that tax, the most successful product made in this country is the small trucks.



If I didn't get that tax, South Korea and China would be destroying us now with additional product. We save them. So, I hope the autoworkers are listening because they have a union boss that doesn't have a clue. He doesn't have a clue. It's sad. I wish he did. I don't have to like him. I wish he did, but he doesn't have a clue, what he's done to the auto business in allowing this to happen where all of those cars are going to be made in China, and it's going to happen quickly.


With the help of companies like this one, we will rebuild our hollowed-out defense industrial base, ensuring that America is never in a situation where we don't have tanks, missiles, the raw materials to fight and win a war. We have to have those. What would happen if we had a war, we won't, with me, but you will have World War III, I believe, without me, but we won't have.


But what would happen if we did And let's say it was with China, but they give us all of our steel, so we'll have to call China for steel, so we can fight a war with them. How stupid are these people Upon taking office. I will invoke the Defense Production Act wherever it is necessary to quick, very quickly ramp up capacity of essential products.


And I will stop Japan from buying United States steel. We have a foreign country that wants to purchase one of our greatest. If you go back 70 years, our greatest country, our greatest company by far was United States Steel Corporation. That was the big deal. And now we have Japan buying it, they shouldn't be allowed to buy it. We have to make it work.


They have to make it work. You don't want to sell us steel. This is how we will rediscover the industrial heritage of our country. We will reclaim our manufacturing legacy. We will build up glorious American future fueled by Pennsylvania energy. You know, you're one of the largest in this country. You're one of the largest producers in the world.



She doesn't know that. You're not going to produce -- you're going to go from being one of the largest producers in terms of fracking the energy produced into a non-factor. Your state's going to be third world like much of our country is being made third world by these people. They don't have a clue. But it's going to all be made with pride of the US and with Pennsylvania pride and strengthened by strong powerful Pennsylvania Steel.


Again, with your vote, we will destroy inflation bring down prices and prices are going to come down very substantially, achieve incredible economic growth, make America wealthy again. And we will bring back -- most importantly, we're going to bring back a thing called the American Dream. The American Dream is dead right now.


The American dream is dead. We're going to bring back the American Dream. So, vote for Trump on November 5th. We will be the most --  Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you to Pennsylvania, you've been the reception coming here with the people outside waving it. It was a beautiful sight the love that they have for what we're trying to do and what we will do. I'll just leave you with this, vote on November 5th or sooner.



November 5th will be the most important day in the history of our country. We're going to turn our country around. We're going to make America great again. Thank you, everybody. God bless you. 



Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. It's great to be here. What a place. Did you like the flyover? That was pretty good. We were going low and fast. That was moving along. That was pretty low. I just want to thank JD. He's doing a fantastic job, and I want to thank North Carolina. I love North Carolina.


I love them. Seventy-six days from now, we're going to win this state and we're going to win the White House, that beautiful, beautiful building, that beautiful building. I want to thank Senator Ted Budd, who's doing such a great job. Senator Ted Budd, thank you. Thank you. Great job, Ted. Mark Robinson, he's out there.


He's fighting. He's fighting. He's a great one. And I think we have a lot of our sheriffs here, don't we have? Where are they? Will this stage hold them? I'd love to bring them up. Come on, Sheriffs, get up here. Mark, come on. We got -- I don't know if this stage is going to hold them. But if it doesn't, we've had bigger risks than this.


All right. Come on, Sheriffs. If you weigh more than 200 pounds, don't come up. I'm only kidding. Come on. Hi, fellas. Thank you. Good to see you.


Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Unidentified 00:02:22-00:02:24 (2 sec)

Welcome to North Carolina.


I don't know. That's a lot. Thank you very much.  Just so you know, these are great people, but I want to get them the hell off the stage because I guarantee they didn't have this in mind when they built this.


Thank goodness. Mark lost a lot of weight over the last couple of months. I'm very -- you did actually. Well, I want to thank you all very much. You are the reason we're able to be here and that you have a safe state and a great state. Thank you all very much. Thank you. That's some group of people for endorsements to every group virtually in the country.
Unidentified 00:03:22-00:03:25 (3 sec)

Come on, guys. Come on down. 


Law enforcement endorsed us. Thank you very much. Thanks, Mark. Good luck, Mark, will win. Got to win. He's got to win, got to win. He's a good man. Thank you. Oh, I feel much better. I feel very much better that they got off the stage. I had no idea what was going to happen, but it's not that far down. You know, I had no idea what it was.


I'm a big structural guy. But I want to thank also members of Congress, Richard Hudson and Byron Donalds, two warriors, two great people, two unbelievable -- where's Byron? Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Where is Byron? Oh, look at him over there. He knows how to get attention. Look at that guy.


1 of 159 paragraphs scored.
He's been my friend for a long time. Thank you for everything, Byron. Thank you very much. Congressional candidate Mark Harris. Mark. Hi, Mark. Good going, Mark. Good numbers. Good numbers. Brad Knott and Addison McDowell. They're all going to be winners very soon. Young, good-looking people. Thank you very much.


Great. The State House speaker, Tim Moore. Tim. Where is Tim? Oh, he's nice and safe back there. Hello, Tim. I appreciate it, Tim. And Neal Jackson, state rep. Neal Jackson. Thank you very much. Thank you, Neal. RNC chairman, Michael Whatley. What a job he's doing. What a job he's doing. And North Carolina GOP chairman, Jason Simmons, who's been a friend of ours for a long time.


Where is Jason? A nice, tall character right here. Thank you very much, Jason. And somebody that's been with me from day one. He's a real general. You know, we have the real generals and we have the fake, woke generals that did so poorly in Afghanistan, should have all been fired. But this is a real general, Keith Kellogg.


Right, Keith? And this is a great group. It's good to see you, Keith. He's been with me from day one, right? He said, "That guy should run. We got to get him to run." I like those guys. They were here before I ran. You know, there's quite a few of them, too. We have the Front-Row Joes, you know that? And very importantly, we have the most magnificent women.


First time, you know we have -- they travel all over the country to be with us for rallies. They're at close to a couple of hundred rallies. I don't know what their husbands are doing about this. This is a little crazy. Look how beautiful -- and they're from North Carolina.  And for a change, they don't have to travel so far, right?


How far are you from here?


Two hours is nothing. It's a pretty big state actually. Thank you very much. As always, you are special, special people. Great women. They love our country. Before we begin, I want to address the massive scandal around the revised job numbers that were just announced this morning. A little while ago just before I came up, I got to see them, and it really isn't a revision.


It's a total lie, a total lie. There's never been any revision like this. They wanted it to come out after the election, but somehow it got leaked. It got leaked. Government leaks, too. The Harris-Biden administration has been caught fraudulently manipulating job statistics to hide the true extent of the economic ruin that they've inflicted on America.


The new data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the administration padded the numbers with an extra, listen to this one, 818,000 jobs that don't exist.  So, they said they existed, and they never did exist. They built them up so that they could say what a wonderful job they're doing.
Unidentified 00:07:32-00:07:34 (2 sec)

Two hours.


No, we've never had numbers like this. They don't exist. They thought they could do it sometime after -- you know, we have an election coming up very quickly, but they wanted this to come out after November 5th, when it wouldn't have meant so much, but it came out a little early. So, there's a patriot in there someplace, right?


The real numbers are much worse than that. And Comrade Kamala, you know, she's comrade, the most radical left person ever to run for a high political office in our country, gets another four years, millions of jobs, and will vanish overnight. She gets four more years, you're going to see jobs vanish, millions and millions will vanish and inflation will completely destroy our country.


We'll have inflation worse than they've given us. You know, when I gave it to them, I had virtually no inflation, and now their numbers, up to 22%, 23%, but their real number is probably 40% to 50% because a lot of the things in their numbers aren't included. I saw another one where the FBI releases crime statistics, and they weren't that bad.


And then they left out little things like New York, Chicago, they left out various areas, and that wasn't so good. Your life savings will be totally wiped out. And if you put somebody like that in there with him, how about him  how about him? She'll destroy our country just like she destroyed San Francisco, just like she destroyed California.


With a Trump victory, we will once again have the greatest economy in history. We're going to do things that are going to make us so great so fast. We're going to bring it back. We're going to make America strong again. We're going to make America great again. It's going to be fantastic. It's going to be fantastic.


So, I just want to thank you very much for your support because I've always had fantastic support from you. Thank you.  Thank you very much. We have a job to do. You know, we have a job to do. We had some very good polls this morning, despite their charade, I call it the party, the Democrats party.


Do you know five people in Chicago were killed in the last little while since that charade that they have going on? They mentioned my name, I think 271 times. They mentioned the economy, like, 12 times. They mentioned the border, maybe none. They don't talk about the border. Our great border czar doesn't talk about the border, but they mentioned me more than any other category.


I'm now a category. They had me down today as a category. That's all they talk about, Trump. We've driven them crazy. They have Trump derangement syndrome. We've driven them crazy, and they should be driven crazy. They've done a terrible job for our country in every single way. There's not a thing they've done well, except cheat and lie.


They lie about stats. No, they lied about the crime numbers. The crime numbers didn't look bad. Then they found out that many of the worst places weren't included in the numbers, and that was done by the FBI which is sad. Four years ago, our country was strong and respected like never before our allies admired us. Our enemies feared us because everyone knew that as an American President, I was all about putting America first.


That's true. Under my leadership, we rebuilt the United States military, created Space Force, and we made our allies pay their fair share and their fair dues. You know, we went to NATO, we say, "You're not paying, you got to pay." If you remember, President Bush would go and he'd make a speech. Obama would go, he'd make a speech.


They all made speeches. This one didn't even make a speech, this last one. But I went, I said, "Nobody's paying. You got to pay."  And they did pay hundreds of millions of dollars. They said, "Well, does that mean you won't support us if we don't pay?" I said, "That's what it means." I had to say that.


I got a lot of heat for that. People -- the fake news -- oh, that's a lot of fake news. Whoa, that's a lot of fake news. No, the fake news gave me a hard time for that. The fake news was saying what a terrible thing to say to our allies, our allies weren't paying. And I said, "You got to pay. We were paying for everybody." So, they take advantage of us on trade, and then we also pay for their military.


That somehow doesn't work. So, they had to pay. They paid hundreds of billions of dollars. But I said to them, "No, that means I will not protect you. I will not protect you." They said, "Sir, if we're attacked by Russia, will you protect us?" Used to be Soviet Union, now Russia. "Will you protect us?" I said, "Are you paid?" "No. Let's assume we're not paid." "Then you're delinquent, right?" "Well, yes." That's an old real estate term.


You're delinquent. "Yes." "No, we will not protect you." The press went crazy that I said -- and you know what? If I would have said the other way, they would have never paid. Hundreds of billions were sent into NATO, but we defeated ISIS. We killed the world's top terrorists. We secured our borders. We achieved energy independence.


We stood up to China. We protected Israel. We made peace in the Middle East with the Abraham Accords and more and more and more. We did things like nobody ever heard of, and we brought our troops mostly back home. We didn't start any wars for 79 years. It was before. We didn't start wars, 79, 80 years. Everybody said, "Oh, he's going to start wars with his attitude." No, my attitude kept us out of wars.


I stopped wars with phone calls. Russia should have never happened with Ukraine. Would have never happened if I were President. Would have never happened. No, there was no talk of that. Would have never ever happened with Putin, would have never happened. And Israel, October 7th, would have never happened.


Iran would have never done that. They had very little money at that point. Now, they're rich as hell, but Biden allowed that to happen. And Kamala -- where's Biden? What happened to Biden? Where is he? He's on a beach, he's on a beach. You know, he's got somebody that thinks he looks great in a bathing suit.


He likes to go to a beach. How do you hell -- how do you leave here and go on a beach? You can't do it. There are things you just don't do. People don't want to see you in a bathing suit. Walks badly. It's hard to walk in the sand. You know, he has a hard time lifting his feet through the sand, and then he grabs the chair.


The chair is meant for old people to lift and young kids to lift, like, you know, four-year-old kids, right? And he can't lift it. He needs a little help. The whole thing is crazy. How he ever got that is crazy. And what happened to our country with inflation and with disrespect from all over the world and all these wars are starting all over the place.


And we're very close to a third world war. And don't kid yourself because they are laughing, but they're not laughing too much. You're a little worried about a certain person winning the election. We had some very good polls today. And if that happens, you're not going to have any third world wars. Every American was safer under President Trump.


In fact, the entire world was safer when I sat behind that beautiful Resolute desk in the Oval Office. You know, I heard the other day, for the first time, I heard Biden say the beautiful Resolute desk. He never said that before. They copy me. When I say we're a nation in decline, guys are copying me. Then they say, they shouldn't say that, but they thought the words were beautiful, but they copy me all the time.


In that case, it was Republicans that were copying me because they happened to be right. So, I don't mind if a Republican copies me, any of you guys want to copy me. But it's a sad thing to have to say, but they copy me, the Resolute desk. He never mentioned that. He doesn't even know what the hell the Resolute desk is. Exactly three years ago this month, the weakness and incompetence of Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe Biden delivered the most humiliating event in the history of our country, and one of the biggest military disasters in the history of the world as far as I'm concerned.


No one will ever forget the horrifying images of their catastrophic retreat from Afghanistan. Desperate Afghans fell to their deaths from the wheels of US cargo planes that were 3000 feet up in the air. Bloodthirsty terrorists poured out of the prisons after Biden and Harris surrendered Bagram, one of the largest air military bases anywhere in the world.


We spent billions and billions of dollars building it many years ago. And, you know, it was important to keep it. I was never leaving that. I would have been out faster than them. I said, "That's enough. We were there for almost 21 years." And I said, "What are we doing? What are we doing here?" And we had no soldiers killed for 18 months while I was there because they knew don't play around with our soldiers.


They were killing them, they were killing them under Obama. Did you see Barack Hussein Obama last night? Take little shots. He was taking shots at your President, and so was Michelle. You know, they always say, sure, please stick to policy, don't get personal. And yet they're getting personal all night long, these people.


Do I still have to stick to policy?  "Sir, you must stick to policy, you'll win it on the border. You'll win it with inflation. You'll win it with your great military that you built, that they gave away $85 billion worth of it in Afghanistan. Sir, you're going to win it on crime. The crime is running through the streets like never before.


You're going to win it on all of these things." And maybe, especially, I think two things, the economy inflation, because I view them together, what they've done to inflation -- and they caused it with energy. What they did with energy is so stupid. If we were there, our energy, we would be so dominant all over the world right now.


We were already energy independent, I made you energy independent, but we would be energy dominant, we'd be paying back debt, we'd be reducing your taxes still further. We gave you the largest tax cuts ever and a lot of good things were going to happen. But now, we're just going to have to sort of call it a delay of four years.


But these people don't have any idea what they're doing. You had 13 heroic US servicemembers who were tragically and needlessly killed. I got to know a lot of the relatives, friends, and mothers and fathers of those 13 people. Forty-five others were horrifically wounded and $85 billion worth of the best military equipment anywhere in the world was handed over to these people.


In fact, Afghanistan is now one of the largest arms merchants anywhere in the world. Did you know that? They're selling our equipment at tremendous prices. They're selling our beautiful -- we had 70,000 armored trucks, many of them armored, armored trucks and vehicles. Think of this. We had 700,000 rifles and guns.


I actually say, "What the hell did they need so many for?" Seven hundred thousand rifles and guns. We had goggles, brand new, right out of the box. You know, they didn't fight at night because they never had goggles, right? Good fighters, they never had goggles. Now, they have brand-new goggles all left by the Biden-Harris administration, gave them billions and billions of dollars, just gave it to them.


And now, they sell that equipment because they don't need 700,000 rifles. They need 20,000 little difference. They don't need 70,000 vehicles. They need 500 vehicles. You have to ask yourself who bought all that stuff in the first place. Who bought it all? How disgusted we're all when we see all of us -- when we saw three days ago, when we viewed their parade, our military equipment running down the middle of their main avenue brand, new beautiful, armor-plated trucks, tanks, and vehicles running down the middle.


And they're all celebrating because we have stupid people running our government, and she'll be worse than Biden because he wasn't really a believer. But she's a radical left believer. She ruined San Francisco, she ruined California and if she gets in, our country doesn't have a chance. This calamity is on Comrade Kamala Harris' shoulders.


I think her name will be comrade because I think that's the most accurate name. You know, I've been looking for a name. People are saying sir don't do it. You know all my names? They've all worked. They've all been very successful, and I really didn't find one with her. "Sir, she's a woman." I said, "So is Hillary Clinton." I called her Crooked Hillary.


Nobody complained about that, right? Right? Mr. Governor, nobody complained about that. No. I called her Crooked, Hillary, I call people names. I call Crazy, Nancy Pelosi crazy because she's nuts. You know, Biden is really angry. You know he's very angry. He was so angry the other night. He's like seething.


You ever see a guy make a speech? He's such anger and so uncomfortable shouting. Yeah, but he's terrible. He's just terrible. Should have never been there. We all know that, should have never been there. What they've done to this country is incredible. But she bragged that she would be the last person in the room, and she was, she was the last person in the room with Biden when the two of them decided to pull the troops out of Afghanistan.


And by the way, pulling them out was absolutely right. I was going to do it. I'm the one that got the soldiers down to 5,000 people. I was going to do it, but we were going to get out last. You don't pull the soldiers out first. You let the soldiers stay last. And the head of the Taliban respected me, Abdul.


I had conversations with him. After my conversations, not one soldier in 18 months was killed, but you pull the soldiers out last. Milley and these guys -- you know, we have great generals, but Milley and Mattis and these guys, they didn't know what the hell -- I call them television generals. The television generals are no good.


But the generals that defeated ISIS for me were great. We have great -- we have a great military. But she had the final vote. She had the final say, and she was all for it. You take the soldiers out. If I took that young person right there, about five or six years old, beautiful, young person. And if I said -- I gave little details, like about 30 seconds worth of details.


Would you take the military out first or last? "Sir, I'd take the military out last." But they took it out first, and then we left hostages. We left all of the equipment. We left everything, and we left Bagram. And now China is occupying Bagram. Bagram, being one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.


Wouldn't it be nice to have our big, fat beautiful base? It was probably built there for that reason, but China, one hour away. And now China is occupying that massive big base, some of the biggest runways in the world. They can hold heavier loads than any runways in the world. Under my leadership, we were getting out of Afghanistan, but we were going to get out with dignity, pride, and with strength.


When I left office, we had not lost a single servicemember in the combat in Afghanistan in more than 18 months. And then we had that horrible day where we lost so many. And so many were so badly hurt, arms, legs gone, face, just obliterated. We lost so many great people that day. Nobody talks about the people that were so badly injured.


They never mentioned them. I always mention them. All over the world, our adversaries knew that America was not to be trifled with when I was your commander-in-chief. And, you know, it's very interesting. If you look at Hungary, very strong country, very strong leader, Viktor Orban. He said, "The only thing that's going to save the whole world is Trump has to be President again.


We had no problems. We had no problems." He said, "We had no problems." I don't use the term, but he did. He said, "China was afraid of him. Russia was afraid of him." They always said oh, I was so friendly to Russia. I'm the one that stopped the Russian pipeline called Nord Stream 2. Nobody ever -- the biggest development they ever had to feed oil all over Europe, I stopped it. And then Biden comes in and he gives him everything.


He gave him the pipeline. They built the pipeline, but I stopped it. Putin said, "That's the worst thing that's ever happened to us." I said, "I'm sorry, I have to do it." And he approves it right away. And then they say, "Trump was not strong on Russia." I think they got it wrong. Putin actually said, "If you weren't strong, I'd like to find out how bad would you be if you weren't strong because you were brutal." But, you know, I got along with him.


It's good to get along with these countries. I got along with China. That wouldn't have happened, what's happening right now. They're planning an attack on Taiwan. There's no question about that. That wouldn't have happened. Wasn't going to happen. They knew that you weren't allowed to do that. Putin would have never gone into Ukraine.


Israel would have never been attacked. It's a sad, sad situation. So many people are dead. So many people are gone, so many cities. You look at Ukraine. Those cities are just wiped off the face of the Earth there. Outside of Kyiv and a couple of others that basically just flattened far more people dead than they let you know.


It's like your numbers that were released fraudulently today, far more people dead in that war than anybody would know when those big buildings come tumbling down, hit with rockets. It's so ridiculous. There's nothing left. It's so ridiculous. But since the Afghanistan catastrophe, it's been open season on America and our allies.


I really believe that the Afghan disaster, what happened, the stupidity and the way we pulled out and the bedlam and all of that, it would have been very smooth. We were going to get out with strength and dignity. But when Putin saw that, he said, "Wow, those people don't know what they're doing. They're overrated." And he went in. And same thing happened with Iran.


Iran was not going to play with us, and now Iran is a rich nation. They have $300 billion, they had no money. And in three and a half years, they made $300 billion, $300 billion they have right now. They made it all in three and a half years. They had none when I left. And we would have made a fair deal with them.


They can't have a nuclear weapon, very simple. You can't have a nuclear weapon. Other than that, we want you to have great lives. But I do hear they're after me. But you know, that's the way it is. Look, I'm here for you and I'm here even for the world. We want to stop world wars because the equipment is so devastating now.


A world war is obliteration. We can't have a world war. Every dictator, tyrant, and terrorist on the planet knows that they can get away with murder under Kamala and Crooked Joe. Kidnapers are getting millions and millions of dollars, but now they're getting billions. They're getting billions. What did you get for the four people that were released?


Sir, they got $6 billion? "What is $6 billion?" Does anyone know what that means? Six billion. They got $6 billion. People get kidnapped. And, you know, they ask for, like, "How about $1,000? How about 500?" They got $6 billion from these idiots. And you know what happens? When that happens, a lot of people are going to get kidnapped because they say, "We're dealing with stupid people." A lot of people.


We had 59 people that were hostage, some in North Korea, that's about as tough as it gets. We got people out without paying for anything. We never gave money. We didn't want to give money. If we gave money, all they do is they go around kidnapping everybody. These people give -- not only do they give 6 billion, they got the Prince of Death out.


He's the number one arms merchant in the world. Russia got him as part of one of the deals, the number one arms merchant in the world. And we got a couple of people. But, you know, why were they there and why did they do what they did? But they got some of the most criminal, the toughest, meanest criminals anywhere in the world.


On top of that, we paid them billions and billions of dollars. We're run by very stupid people. I'd like to use a different word. I'd like to use a much more sophisticated word, but there's no word I can think of. Incompetent. How about incompetent? As a result, peace in Europe has been shattered by the largest European land war since the fall of Nazi Germany.


This is the largest war there's been, and this war is going to escalate and escalate when, if, but when. I have to always say if, you know, because they cheat. I would say when, if they didn't cheat, but they cheat. That's the one thing. They're great at cheating in elections. If we win, I'll get that thing settled before I take the office.


I'll get it settled as President-elect. I'll get that war stopped. With Russia, yeah, we'll get that stopped. Ukraine and Russia, we're going to get it stopped and quickly. It'll be done before I get to office. It would not have happened. If I was President, it wasn't going to happen in the Middle East. The Jewish people have suffered the worst atrocities and deadliest attacks since the Holocaust.


There's no question about that. The United States has been forced to abandon more embassies under Comrade Kamala than at any time in our history. And we're running out. It's not like we're leaving. We're being run out of these embassies that cost us hundreds of millions of dollars to build. You've got to see these embassies in the middle of nowhere, in a country you've never even heard of. They spent 900 million to build an embassy.


The whole thing is crazy. The world is on fire, and Kamala and Biden have marched us to the brink of World War III. That's what we're in. I think, General, you would probably agree. You're one of the experts I would think, right? I don't even talk to you about that lately. It's so out of control. I don't even have to bother.


I just say, look, take a look. But one of the great experts. And we're on the brink. That's why this November, Americans are going to tell Kamala Harris, Kamala that we've had enough, we can't take it anymore. You're doing a terrible job. Comrade Harris, you're fired get out of here. You're fired. You're no good.


 She had one policy. If you steal less than $1,000, basically, $950 to be exact. I want to be accurate for purposes of reporters. The fake news media, they want accuracy.


They don't have to be accurate, but we have to be accurate. But if you steal less than $950, they basically leave you alone. So, they have guys going in and robbing stores with a calculator. Let's see, this is $100. Did you notice? This is not going to happen in North Carolina. I don't think. Is it?  "Let's see, that's $100, that's $59. Bing, bing, bing, bing.


Stop, stop, stop. We don't want to go over $950." They walk out with it. Nobody does a thing. Starting the moment I lift my hand from the Bible, after taking the Oath of Office, I will move to restore America to maximum strength and return the world to peace. We're going to return the world to peace. And mostly, I can do it with a telephone call.


You know, we don't have to send troops, I can do it with a telephone call. You go to war with another country that's friendly to us or even not friendly to us, you're not going to do business in the United States, and we're going to charge you 100% tariffs.  And all of a sudden the president or prime minister or dictator or whoever the hell is running the country says to me, "Sir, we won't go to war." I talked this world out of a lot of wars with telephone calls.


I don't have to send in the troops. One of my most urgent priorities will be to quickly rebuild the readiness and spirit of the United States Armed Forces, and we had it built. We rebuilt it. We rebuilt the whole military, but it was decimated under this group of stupid people. You know, we had so much -- when I came in, we had no ammunition.


Did you know that? Remember, I used to talk about it. And I said if it's true, which it was, why would you say that? We had people on television. Well, the United States has no ammunition, you know? Some things you just keep to yourself, right? You remember, I used to -- from North Carolina, do you remember?


I used to talk about that all the time. Those are my best witnesses, those ladies. There's about 40 of them. They're all over the place, and they're always perfectly coiffed and perfectly dressed. They're beautiful and they're great. But no, I used to talk all the time. If you have no bullets, I can ask this group of leaders.


You don't talk about it, but you get the bullets really fast, right? So, within a year, I had so much that our warehouses were stocked to the gills. We never had so much. I bought so much, missiles, everything. I rebuilt our military, but that's been all dissipated now again because we give it away to everybody, and for nothing.


I mean they don't do anything for us. We don't get anything. We don't even get a pledge that, "We'll pay you back someday if we have the money. How about that? Pay you back someday if we have the money?" You know, I sponsor athletes sometimes if I see somebody that I like in sports. I sponsored some golfers.


Usually, doesn't typically work out. I don't know if you know. It's like a 5,000 to 1 shot, but I'm good at that stuff, and I can see talent and I'll give them a few thousand dollars. I'll give them $50,000. I'll say, "You know, you're really good. You could make it. Why don't you -- why aren't you trying out for the tour?" "Sir, I have no money.


I have to give lessons. I have no money." I said, "You're too good to give lessons. You can be a tour player." "Sir, I don't have any money." I say, "Here's $50,000. And here's the deal. If you do well, you pay me back with no interest. Just good luck. If you don't do well, which you probably won't, because it's very hard." They say the worst is a boxer.


If you sponsor a boxer, they're all great. They're winning all their fights, and then they turn professional and they go in. And this goes with the UFC run by Dana White, one of the greats of all time, which has really taken over for boxing, but it's the same thing. And people sponsor people and they get what they get.


But the worst is that -- what's wrong? Oh, a doctor, please.


It is very hot here. I noticed. It's very hot. And a lot of the people waited for days to get here. So, I understand it. Take your time, doctor. Take your time. Thank you. 


Yeah. Take your time, please. 


Thank you very much. You know, they come two days, three days early. And it's a lot of stress. We lose them. The only ones we don't lose are Front-Row Joes. I don't know what they have going. They have something going here, Governor. Thank you very much. Thanks, doctor. But America is blessed with the greatest military in the world.


But our men and women in uniform have been betrayed by radical left politicians and some generals. And at the top, they're woke, they're woke. We don't want woke generals. We want generals that know how to win and we have them. We proved that when we wiped out ISIS, didn't we? Proved it. "Sir, it will take five years." We did it in three weeks.
Unidentified 00:38:20-00:38:29 (9 sec)

You get him too worked up, Mr. President.


I think we did it in three weeks. We have the greatest military in the world, but you need the great leaders. Otherwise, your military will can never be great. Everywhere I go, soldiers and veterans tell me how angry they are that not one person has been held accountable for the Afghanistan catastrophe. He never fired anybody.


You know I fire a lot of people when they don't do a good job. Then they come back and write books. You know, they hate you, but that's OK. When you don't fire people, they never write books, you know? But I fired a lot of people. I wasn't happy with their service. I wasn't happy with the job they did. And I fired them, I let them go. I mean, I'm working for you, I'm not doing this for myself.


But when you fire them, they always come back with something. And nobody's ever been in the position where, you know, they get offered all sorts of money from the fake news and everything else. And fame, we're going to make you famous. All you have to do is make up some stories about Trump, but people don't seem to care.


It's phony stuff, phony, horrible. They're lightweights, they're terrible people. You know, when I came -- don't forget I didn't know anybody in Washington. I'm President of the United States. I'm going down Pennsylvania Avenue with the biggest load of military and police and motorcycles and everything you've ever seen.


And I didn't know anybody. I said to my wife, "I don't know a lot of people." But the people, I know -- I got recommendations from a lot of good people, well-meaning people, some were good, most were great, but we had some bad ones, too. But now I know them all in Washington, I know the good ones, the weak ones.


Guys like these, I know the weak ones and the bad ones. General, we know the dumb ones and the smart ones, don't we? We know them all. But the voters will hold Kamala and Joe accountable for this November when I take office. And they're going to be held accountable for what they've done to this country.  Right?


Thank you. I will ask for the resignations of every single senior military official who touched the Afghanistan disaster. I want their resignations immediately, and I want them on the desk in the Oval Office, the Resolute desk. I want them on at 12:00, Inauguration Day. Everybody involved with that disaster.


When you have a disaster so stupid as that, that caused us such problems. You don't know what that's done to the reputation of our country, the Afghanistan disaster. This housecleaning will be a signal to the entire world and America, military, and everybody else. They want people to be held accountable for failure and incompetence, and it's just not acceptable that something like that could happen.


These are fighters they fight with broken, old, obsolete weapons and knives. We have F-16s, we have F-35s, F-32s, and we were knocking the hell out of them, just knocking the hell out of them. It was easy. But I said, "What the hell are we doing this for? Let's get the hell out of there." We were getting out with such strength.


They were so happy, they couldn't believe it. And then these people came in, and it's horrible to even think about what happened. And countries all over the world lost respect for us because of Afghanistan. We demand success, and we demand victory. We want victory from our soldiers and from everybody else.


Under Comrade Kamala Harris, and I call her that because there's never been -- she's a Marxist, OK? I was saying, "Do you think she's a Marxist or a communist," to people that really study this stuff. They weren't able to tell me. They said it could be all the way. It could be communist, but she's damn close.


They said it was definitely one or the other, but they couldn't actually tell me, was it communist or Marxist. "Sir, it's one or the other. We're not sure. We'll figure it out." But under Comrade Kamala, our military has been abused for radical social experiments. On day one, I will get critical race theory and transgender insanity the hell out of our US Armed Forces.


We're taking it out.  Our warriors should be focused on defeating America's enemies, not figuring out their genders. By that time, hopefully, they know their genders. Marxist ideologies have no place in combat. Think of it, they go in and they decide, "Oh, they're going to change my gender." No, no, we want them to know their gender when they go in. You have no idea, the disruption that that has caused, and the fake news refuses to report it. You know, when I did a ban, I went to a lot of good generals.


I said, "I'm not going to tell you names. Just tell me, is it the right thing or the wrong thing?" "The wrong thing, sir. It's the wrong thing." And I had unanimous support, and then we did it. I didn't do it. Other people did it. They reversed me as soon as they got in, like, almost the first day. I didn't do it, but they allowed things to happen to our military.


That's just not right. If you want to have a sex change or a social justice seminar, then you can do it somewhere else. But you're not going to do it in the Army, Navy, Coast Guard, Air Force, Space Force, or the United States Marines, sorry. You're not going to do it there. The military brass that led these absurd and insulting initiatives will likewise be removed, and they will no longer be in command.


They're going to be gone. Gone so fast. Kamala and Crooked Joe purged 8,000 servicemembers from our military for refusing their COVID vaccine mandate. They refuse to do it.  We didn't want to mandate. The mandate, you just can't do that. I will rehire every patriot who was fired from the military with an apology and with back pay.


They will get their back pay and an apology from our government. Hopefully, they have great jobs right now and they're making a lot of money. But if they want to come back in, they get an apology, and we sign them up, and they get their back pay. Should have never happened, the mandate stuff. Should have never happened.


Thanks to Comrade Kamala and Joe Biden, morale in our military is now so low that almost every single branch is suffering a major recruitment and retention crisis. You know that. Upon taking office, I will begin the largest peacetime recruitment drive in the history of the Armed Forces. We have to fill our Armed Forces with great people.


But they don't have spirit now. There's no spirit. Used to bring -- other soldiers would bring their friends in. Now, that doesn't happen, almost never happens. The sense of spirit pride and prestige will soon come roaring back and reach levels never seen before. We're going to make it so hot, that I'm going to want to resign and join the military.


I don't know what rank I would start at. I guess I started private, I don't know. What rank would I have to start at, General? I have to start pretty low. He said, "You'll start at the top." All right. Then I'll stay here. That's very good. You'll start at the top. He knows what to say. America's military must always be unrivaled and unbeatable.


I mean, I see reports coming out where they do studies, and they said under these circumstances we'll lose a war to China. Number one, if it's true, why are we saying it? And number two, it shouldn't be true, should it? It shouldn't be true. It's not going to happen. Why would they release a report like that for China to read?


 We're vulnerable here. She said they're idiots. That's a good word, too. Who's the woman that said that? Stand, please. Who said that? That's very good. No, it's true. She says they're idiots. No. They released a report talking about all of the vulnerable areas.


We need more of this, we need more of that. We're weak here. We're weak there. I don't know who does this report. Why would you release a report like that? So, after years, that's like saying we have no ammunition. Ladies and gentlemen, we have no ammunition at the time. We're the United States of America.


You know why? We gave it all up to Ukraine and various other places. We gave them everything. Empty our warehouses of all of our ammunition. Let's give it to people, free of charge, free of charge. It costs billions. Free of charge. Everything's always free of charge. So, after years of horrific depletion, with the comrade sending our missiles and airplanes, ammunition to other countries, I will make a historic investment in rebuilding the US Armed Forces.


I did that once before, but I have to do it again because they've depleted it just like they've depleted the strategic oil reserves. You know, we have the strategic -- in all due respect, it's not for filling up your car, so that you have $0.04 a gallon less and that you vote for Crooked Joe. It's not meant for that.


It's meant for war, it's meant for tragedy, it's meant for real stuff. It's at the lowest point today in its history. We almost have nothing left, and we had it at a level that was such a beautiful thing to see. We will increase funding. But at the same time, the days of blank checks for the weapon systems over the past are over.


I tell you what we will build. We're going to build a great iron dome over our country, so that we don't have to get hit. We give it to other countries. We help Israel and other countries. And Ronald Reagan wanted it many years ago as you know, but it didn't -- we didn't really have the technology then. He was right, but we didn't have the right tech -- today, we have unbelievable technology.


And you know, we have other countries that have it. This country should have it, and we're going to make it right here and we're going to make it in other of our great places. But a lot of it's going to come right out of your state. It's time to create the arsenal of the 21st century. We need that. That means aggressively shifting funding to keep America on the cutting edge, investing heavily in drones and robotics and artificial intelligence and hypersonics.


You know, hypersonics, these are missiles that go seven times faster than a fast ordinary missile, seven times faster. So fast that for the most part, you can't shut them down and you can't shoot them down. They're going at levels of speed that nobody thought was possible. Do you know that was our technology that was stolen by Russia and Russia has them?


And I started them very quickly, but somebody gave Russia, years ago, before me, all of our plans and specs for hypersonic missiles, and they built them and we didn't. He said, Bill Clinton. It could be. He might have been, in all fairness. Might have been a little after Bill Clinton. I used to like Bill Clinton.


Can you believe it? It could have been Barack Hussein Obama, perhaps. We should ask him. No, he was very nasty last night. I try and be nice to people, you know? But it's a little tough when they get personal. "Please, again, remember? Please, sir, don't get personal. Talk about policy." Let me ask you about that.


We're going to do a free poll. Here are the two questions. Should I get personal? Should I not get personal? Ready? Should I get personal?  Should I not get personal? I don't know. My advisors are fired. No, we'd rather keep it on policy, but sometimes it's hard when you're attacked from all ends.


I mean, they want to put you in jail for nothing, for nothing, for cases that the legal scholars all over the country have said there is no case, and they want to put you in jail. And I could have done that to Hillary Clinton. I could have put her in jail. She turned away subpoenas, and she damaged stuff and she wouldn't give things after a subpoena was sent, after, from the United States Congress.


I said to myself, "We want to bring the country together. Wouldn't it be terrible to put the wife of the President of the United States in jail? Wouldn't it be terrible?" And then I come out and they do it to me, and there's no feeling as, wouldn't it be terrible? But we won the big case in Florida. That was totally won, and Biden didn't. You know, Biden documents.


I had the Presidential Records Act. I had the right to do whatever I wanted to do. That was passed in, like, 1978. But Biden didn't have a right to do it because he wasn't president, and he was there for 50 years. He took stuff. And the ruling was basically he's guilty as hell, but he's got no memory. He's a nice man with no memory.


Actually, they're wrong. He's not a nice man, and he has no memory. He's not a nice man at all because he started weaponization, and weaponization is a double prong that can come back to haunt them, too. It's a terrible thing for our country. I can tell you, a terrible thing for our country. We need a dramatic increase in research.


We need a very dramatic increase in development. And in so doing, we will create countless American jobs, including jobs right here in a place called North Carolina. Do we love North Carolina? Laura Trump is from North Carolina. She named her daughter, Carolina, the wife of Eric. I now say that he's the husband of Laura.


We changed it. He's great. He's great, and it's a great couple. But she loves this place. She just loves it. She's here all the time. And you know, she comes and she -- we love her too, she said. She's amazing. She's got a great talent. And she, along with Michael Whatley, are running the Republican National Committee and doing a great job.


You know, a lot of times when you do that, they'll say, "Oh, family." Let me tell you, this is not a job that somebody -- this is a tough job, and our primary focus is not to get out the vote. It's to make sure they don't cheat because we have all the votes you need. You can see it. Every house along the way has signs "Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Vance, Trump, Vance." And by the way, Vance is doing a great job.


Vance is doing a great job. Look at that beautiful, red "Vance." No, but these signs are all over the place. I see it everywhere no matter where in Florida, they're all over because people want to see common sense. You know, we're the party of common sense. It's not conservative, liberal. They don't want to be called liberal anymore.


They want to use progressive. We're progressive, progressive. I think liberal is more appropriate. Progressive is such a beautiful word, right? You know, it's progressive. Progressive means go forward. They don't go forward. They go backward. As we rapidly rebuild American deterrence, we will quickly restore peace and stability in our country, but all over the world.


We'll make our country a much safer place. We're in grave danger of a war, a third World war. I tell you, before I even arrive at the Oval Office, and as I said, we're going to do things that are going to be shocking to people. But what I'm going to do more than anything else, I'm going to get things in line, and we're going to prevent that World War III.


And if you look at what's going on with Ukraine and Russia, if you look at it on now, there's an incursion into Russia, then there'll be another incursion the other way, then there'll be -- and then all of a sudden, bad things will start to happen.


They're already starting. By contrast, if Comrade Kamala wins this November, World War III is virtually guaranteed to happen. Everything she touches, she destroys. Everything that she's touched -- you look at her life. She was district attorney in San Francisco. The place went to hell. It was the best city in the world, probably 15, 18 years ago, 20 years ago, maybe in the whole world.


It was one of the best cities in the world. Then she becomes the attorney general of the state of California. That place went to hell. It was helped by Gavin Newsom. It was helped -- Newsom helped, but she did -- she was terrible. And it's crime-ridden. And it's -- I mean, you can't walk down a sidewalk anywhere.


It's just unbelievable what's happened to that state. So sad, best weather, beautiful ocean. Everything is good, but they've just let it go to hell, and she's going to do the same thing to the United States. And when she says, "I'll let you frack" -- her whole career, she said no fracking, Pennsylvania in particular, no, because they get tremendous wealth from fracking.


They're going to be stopped, 100%, they're going to be stopped. She just changed her view a few months ago. You got to see, you know, she ran against Biden. There were 22 people running. She was the first to leave. She quit because she went down like that, and she was the first one out. She never made it to the first state in the primaries.


She never made it to Iowa, never made it to Iowa. She didn't get one vote, and she still hasn't gotten one vote, and she won't have one vote. Think of it. Biden, I'm not a fan of Biden. I think he was terrible, a terrible president. What he did to our country, you look at him with the planes and the stairs and the falling all over the place, and he had no idea what the hell was happening.


He couldn't find his way off the stage. A stair here, stair there, stair -- I got stairs all over the place. He finished his speech and looked around, "Where am I?" His speeches lasted -- the nice part. It was good in the hot sun because they lasted for about two minutes and you could go home, but nobody would come anyway.


But we can't let her -- she's much worse, much worse than him actually because she's actually more radical. He never believed it. He just did it for votes. I don't know why you'd get votes by having open borders. You know, she wants open borders. If she became President in four years, you'd have 60 million to 70 million people from all over the world.


And it's not just South America. And remember, they're releasing them from their jails and their prisons. They're coming out of jails and prisons and mental institutions and insane asylums. Then we have hundreds and probably thousands of terrorists that have come into our country. We probably have a few here.


Welcome, welcome. But we probably have a few here, and she's all for it. And now she's saying -- and you see what she's saying here. Well, the wall was largely built. We were adding space onto the wall. We built hundreds of miles of wall. I actually took it because Congress gave us a hard time, and the Democrats were brutal.


We had 11 lawsuits and we won all 11. But I took it out of the military. I called it an invasion of our country. It was an invasion. And we built hundreds of miles of wall, and then I was going to do 200 extra. We ordered it, it was there. And we had that rotten, horrible election, that horrible election, where we did much better than we did the first time, and bad things happened.


And all of a sudden, I hear that they want to have open borders, and I thought they were kidding. Who the hell wants open borders? And then they said, "We'll give you healthcare." You know, now, they're saying all about how they're getting tough on the borders and how they were tough except they have a couple of problems.


Do you know that we flew in a million people, airplanes over the top of the border? Beautiful airplanes, they're flying them in. If you want to stop people, you're not flying them in on airplanes and many other things. No, they wanted open borders. And we have a country that's loaded up with many, many criminals right now of the worst.


They emptied their jails. They emptied their jails and prisons. They emptied their mental institutions into our country largely. Now, they're continuing to do it. But if you look at many of these countries that we're talking about, frankly, who can blame them? They're dropping their prisoners into the United States of America.


They're dropping all of these people into the United States, including their mental institution people. Any terrorist they have, they're dropping them into the United States. We're taking hundreds of thousands of people that were in jail for murder. You take a look at Venezuela, their jails are half. And I'm surprised half because, frankly, I would have worked faster than that.


If I were running it, I would have had all of them out of there by now. They go to Caracas, they take all their gang members, all of their killers, their murderers, their drug dealers, they take them, and they're putting them into the United States. And their crime is down 72%. In fact, next time, what we'll do instead of North Carolina, we'll have our next little gathering in Venezuela because it will be much safer than being in our country.


If these people win, you're not going to have any meetings, you're not going to have anything. There'll be chaos in our country. And we just can't let it happen. We can't let it happen. We can't let it happen. Remember, when Biden sent Kamala to Europe to stop the war in Ukraine, she met with Putin. And then three days later, he attacked.


How did she do it? Do you think she did a good job? She met with Putin to tell him don't do it, and three days later he attacked. That's when the attack started. Did you know that, General? Should have sent you. But over a half a million they say are dead or wounded, but it's a much higher number than that, and everything lies in ruins.


Look, we are going to fight like hell to win this election.  They are going to cheat like hell to win the election because they have no bounds. They have no bounds. I've said to some Republicans once in a place called Philadelphia, which I love, I went to school in Philadelphia, but it's suffering tremendously like Chicago.


Like every Democrat-run city is suffering. But I said, like, "Why do we allow them to do it? Do Republicans do what they do with the stuffing, the boxes, with all of the different things they do?" "Sir, we're proud Americans." And that's really the right thing to say, but they have no bounds. We have to win this election.


If we don't win this election, we are in such trouble as a country. We're in trouble right now, but you have the right guy to straighten it out. I'll get it straightened out. I'll get it straightened out fast.  We're going to have peace through strength all over the world like we had just a short while ago.


And I just want to say, closing, is it's an honor to have served for four years. I wish we didn't have this break. The only thing good about the break is it shows how bad it can get because we've never had a country that's been in shape like this country is in right now. We have squalor in our streets. Our vets are disregarded, living on sidewalks and freezing cold and unbelievably hot cities all over the country.


And yet we have people coming into our country that are living in luxury hotels. This is what we have. We're going to straighten out our country through common sense. We're going to straighten out our country with the United States of America. We're the greatest country in the world. We're not going to let this continue to go. We're going to straighten it out.


We're going to make it bigger, better, stronger than ever before. We're going to bring in business. We're going to use tariffs to take advantage of our great strength and to frankly, hurt countries that are hurting us and have been hurting us on trade for many, many years. Right now, China is building massive auto plants in Mexico, and they think that those plants are going to make cars and they're going to sell them across the line for no tax, no anything.


Destroy what's left in Detroit, which frankly compared to years ago is very little, and South Carolina and many other places. We're not going to let it happen. We will charge them 150% or 200% tariff, and all of that investment that they made is now worthless. We're not going to let them do that. We're not going to let them destroy our automobile industry.


The United Auto Workers has a grossly incompetent man at the head. They want to make all-electric cars. And Elon Musk is a friend of mine. You saw he endorsed me very strongly and he understands that I'm right. And I love electric cars and they have an incredible purpose. They have an incredible purpose.


They're unbelievable what they can do, and he makes a great product. But I told him, I said, "You know before you endorse, you have to understand we have to have gasoline-propelled cars." Again, we have more liquid gold than anybody anywhere in the world, more than Saudi Arabia, more than Russia. We have more than anybody.


We're going to quadruple that business. We're going to be much bigger than both of them put together. We're going to pay down debt. We're going to reduce your taxes. I gave you the largest tax cut in history, the largest regulatory cut in history that created all of the jobs. And when Biden talks about jobs -- by the way, because they lie so much, the jobs he created, almost all of them, almost 100%, people say more than 100%, went to illegal aliens.


The other -- remember this, the numbers sound good because they're called bounce-back jobs. We had a pandemic. People were laid off. And this is common for ages. When a pandemic goes, you have bounced back the businesses. And had we not done what we did with money, probably some of you benefited, but we would have been in a 1929-style depression.


We did it just right. The problem is they came in, they no longer needed money. We gave them a country that was fixed. And more people died during Biden, think of that, than died during US from COVID. Many more people died during them. But think of this, we gave them a country, and they blew it because they took so much.


They took trillions and trillions of money, they kept feeding it. And that's what caused -- along with their bad energy policies, that's what caused this tremendous inflation, which is destroying the people of our country. And frankly, it's contagious. It's all over the world. But we're the ones that started it, with their bad policy.


So, we're going to work very hard. We've got to win. We've got to win this state. This state is a very, very big state to win. We've won it twice, and we're going to win it again. I said to a couple of the people, I said, "So, let me ask you. How are we doing compared to four years ago and eight years ago?" They said, "Sir, you're much hotter, you're more popular." I hope that's true.


But we won it twice. And all I can do is pledge to you that we're going to do a great job for North Carolina. We're going to do a great job for the United States of America. We put America first, and we're going to make America great again. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody.

 I'm thrilled to be back in this incredible state with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots. That's what you are. You built our country. Seventy-four days from now -- can you imagine, 74 days, then we gently move into that beautiful White House.


And we take over our country and we make it great again we're going to win Arizona. We're going to defeat comrade Kamala Harris, and we're going to win back our beautiful White House. We're going to win it back. We're going to win it back in record force. Everyone here tonight is part of the greatest political movement in the history of our country.


You know, this is the greatest political movement. It's called Make America Great Again. And it's, right now, bigger and better and stronger than it ever was before. You know, we won in 2016, and we did much better in 2020. A lot of people don't understand that, but we understand it, millions and millions more votes.


But those two are nothing like the spirit that we have now. It's amazing. And that's because we've seen how bad government can be. That's why it's a combination of a lot of things. But the job they've done in destroying our country is unbelievable, and people have seen it. And because of that, there's never been anything like this, right, Kari, right?


Our movement is not about Democrat versus Republican. It's about patriotism and common sense. We have a common sense with a party of common sense, you say what you want. Nice to say conservative, but really, we're the party of common sense. We want fair elections, free elections. We want strong borders. We want a great military.


We want great education. We want a nice home and low interest rates and low taxes and no regulations. That's why we're welcoming support from millions and millions of disaffected Democrats, and they are joining like wildfire. Now, it's a little different than it was. You know, we had somebody -- I was up 18 points, and they said, "Joe, you can't win.


You're getting out of the race." "No, I want to go and give it a shot." "No, Joe. You're getting out of the race, Joe. And if you don't do it the nice way, we'll do it the tough way, Joe." And he said, "OK." And now, I have a new opponent. This never happened before. We spent $100 million and a lot of time on defeating him.


And as soon as he was gonzo -- it all started with the debate, the debate. All that time, all that effort. A friend of mine said, "You did a terrible job in the debate." I said, "Why do you say that? Everybody said I was brilliant." They said, "No, you got him out of the race with that debate." It's all right.


We have to do what we have to do, right? We have to do what we have to do. And now, we have somebody that, in theory, should be easier to beat in theory because she's a radical-left Marxist, and everybody knows it. But we're welcoming the support from millions of disaffected Democrats, independents, moderates, old-fashioned liberals, who still believe in things like -- little things like borders.


I was there yesterday. That's a scary place. "Sir, it's about time that you get out of the sun, sir. We're going to have to get you out of here, sir. Let's get the hell out of here." She was the border czar. She presided over the worst border in history. Not American history, world history. Democracy, liberty, and, of course, always the right of free speech.


We don't really have free speech right now. The press -- look at all of them, look at all of them, look at that.  Wow, man, that's a lot of press, that's a lot of fake news. That's a hell of a lot of fake news. Gone forever is the old Democratic Party of FDR, JFK, and, that's right, even Bill Clinton.


Kamala Harris' Democrat Party is the Party of free healthcare for illegal aliens, communist-style price controls, defund the police. All her life, she wants to defund the police. A little while ago she changed, didn't she? Banning gas-powered cars and sex changes for minor children without parental consent.


 How about that one? How would you like that? Without parental consent -- can you imagine, your kid comes home without parental consent? "What happened to my baby? What happened?" The true divide in American politics today is between these far-left fascists, led by Harris and her group, and you know who her group is, and citizens of all political backgrounds who love our country, share traditional American values, the values that you have right here in this great state, and look past our differences to unite around a thing called our great American flag.


And we should -- and we should speak to -- we speak to our great congressmen and congresswomen. They ought to make it illegal to burn the American flag. If you burn the American flag, you go to jail for one year. One year, that's all, one year. You burn the American flag  because in Chicago at the Democrat deal, they were burning flags all over the place.


You burn the American flag, they say it's unconstitutional to do that. I think it's constitutional. You burn the American flag, you go to jail for one year. Nobody's going to be burning the American flag anymore. Our opponents worship the deep state. We want to obliterate the deep state, slight difference.


Our opponents -- thank you. Our opponents join with warmongers and neocons to wage endless wars, these wars that never end. We don't even know who the hell the country is that we're fighting. We believe that America is strongest when America is at peace. We want peace through strength. That's what we want, like we had four years ago.


We didn't have any wars, except we wiped out ISIS very quickly. It was supposed to take five years to beat ISIS. I did it in three weeks.  They support coercive COVID vaccine mandates and want to fire you. If you don't obey, you get fired. We oppose these mandates as a fundamental violation of our God-given rights.


We don't want the mandates.  We don't want the mandates. They want to arrest their political opponents and silence those who disagree. We reject censorship in all forms, and we believe in freedom, open debate and fair, equal, and impartial justice under the constitutional rule of law.


 Our opponents slander us as a threat to democracy. "Trump is a threat to democracy." No, they're a threat to democracy. How many times have you heard -- you know, it's a talking point for them. Right, Deb? It's a talking point. "


They're like a part -- they're a subsidiary of the Democrat Party.  Meanwhile, they rig their primaries, they force out Joe Biden, they force him out of the party. Joe Biden got 14,000,000 votes in an unconstitutional coup, and they appoint a nominee who never got a single vote. And when she ran against this guy -- and I'm no fan, he was the worst president in the history of our country.


He let in millions and millions of people through her, let in millions of people who destroy our country, but we're going to get those people out.  The people that came in here from jails and prisons and mental institutions, but they threw them out. You know, they ran against each other for the primary, and she never even made it to the first state.


The great State of Iowa, never made it. And now she's the one running. A little strange, isn't it? You see, that's really a threat to democracy if you get right down to it, right? In our movement, we know that democracy does not mean rule by the Democrat establishment. It means rule by the American people.


Tonight, I'm very pleased to welcome a man who has been an incredible champion for so many of these values that we all share, and we've shared them for a long time. I don't think too many of you people have heard of him. He's very low key. He's a very low-key person, but he's highly respected. He is a great person.


I've known him for so long, for the past 16 months. Robert F. Kennedy Jr.  For the past 16 months, Bobby has run an extraordinary campaign for president of the United States. I know because he also went after me a couple of times, I didn't like it. And I mean this sincerely.


Had he been allowed to enter the Democrat primary, he would've easily beaten Joe Biden, but they wouldn't let him in.  They put up rules. I've never seen rules like he had to have 65 percent of the vote in order to run, you know, little things like that. His candidacy has inspired millions and millions of Americans, raised critical issues that have been too long ignored in this country, and brought together people from across the political spectrum in a positive campaign, grounded in the American values of his father, Robert Kennedy, a great man, and his uncle, President John F. Kennedy.


And I know that they are looking down right now, and they are very, very proud of Bobby. I'm proud of Bobby. You want to know the truth? And I don't think I've ever introduced anyone that got applause like he just got. I must tell you, it's true. I don't think I've ever introduced anybody that got applause like that.


 Amazing. Soon after I was, can't even believe I have to say this, nearly assassinated in Pennsylvania last month, Bobby called me to express his best wishes. He knows firsthand the risks incurred by leaders who stand up to the corrupt political establishment.


When you stand up, you bring on some trouble for yourself, but you have to do what's right. You have to do what's right for the country. I will tell you, we are both in this to do what's right for the country. That's one thing I can tell you.  He lost his father and uncle in service to our country, and Bobby himself was subject to repeated threats to his safety during the course of his campaign while being denied protection by the Harris-Biden administration.


 President John F. Kennedy.


And they will also conduct a rigorous review of the attack last month. But I tell you, I have never had more people ask me, "Please sir, release the documents on the Kennedy assassination,"  and we're going to do that. I also want to salute Bobby's decades of work as an advocate for the health of our families and our children.


 including autoimmune disorders, autism, obesity, infertility, and many more.


We want every child in America to grow up and to live a long and healthy life. So, I just want to ask Bobby to speak for a little while. I'll stand aside. I'm going to stand aside. But I can only tell you, I've known him a long time. We've been a little bit on the opposite side of the equation. But I will say this, he is a brilliant -- I still think of him as young.


He's not that young. I always call him young, but he's not that young. But he is a phenomenal person, a phenomenal man who loves the people of this country as much as anybody can love the people of this country. So, Bobby, please say a few words. Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 00:18:07-00:18:37 (30 sec)

Thank you. Thank you, President Trump.  that they're supposed to regulate.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 00:18:37-00:19:07 (31 sec)

And he said to me that he'd been advising me for many years and on my campaign, and he told me that night that he was also advising President Trump. And he asked if I would talk to President Trump? And I said, "Of course." And about a few minutes later, I got a call from the president and we talked, you know, a very good talk.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 00:19:07-00:19:58 (51 sec)

And then, he invited me to come see him the next day. And I went to Minneapolis and saw him. We met again a couple of weeks later in Florida and we talked not about the things that separate us because we don't agree on everything, but on the values and the issues that bind us together. And one of the issues that he talked about was having safe food and ending the chronic disease epidemic.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 00:19:58-00:20:19 (20 sec)

 And don't you want the regulatory agencies to be free from corporate corruption?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 00:20:19-00:20:33 (15 sec)

 He said he didn't want any more $200 billion wars in Ukraine that we could use that money back here in the United States.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 00:20:33-00:21:02 (29 sec)

 And he told me that he wanted to end the censorship because the whole basis of American democracy is the free flow of information, and we know that a government that can silence its opponents has license for any kind of atrocity.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 00:21:02-00:21:36 (34 sec)

And can you think of any time that you can look back in history and say that the people who were censoring were the good guys?  and who is going to protect us against totalitarianism?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 00:21:36-00:21:58 (22 sec)

 And don't you want a president that's going to make America healthy again?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. 00:21:58-00:22:03 (5 sec)




Wow, that was something, huh?  That was something. Fantastic guy. He did well, and the polls are good and all. But you have to remember, we have sort of like a two party system. It was designed that way and it's awfully tough. And as well as he did, he'd be at 10 and 15 and 16 points sometimes.


That's a lot. That's a lot. But if he were in a regular system like as a Democrat or, perhaps, as a Republican, but not against me, of course, but if he were in a regular system, there are a lot of people that maybe liked him the best. But they said, "We can't vote." So with all of those votes he was getting, he has a lot of votes that he could have gotten, I think he's going to have a huge influence.


We're leading now, but I think he's going to have a huge influence on this campaign. Actually, much bigger than you'd see in the polls, and those numbers are big to start off with. But Bobby and I will fight together to defeat the corrupt political establishment and return control of this country to the people.


And to all who supported Bobby's campaign, I very simply ask you, join us in building this coalition. It's a beautiful coalition in defense of liberty and safety, prosperity, and peace. It's going to be an incredible coalition and the relationship has been so good for so long. I have no doubt it's going to work and work well, but we have to win.


We have to take our country away from these people that are going to destroy our country. We won't have a country left. So, thank you very much. We need your vote. As you all know, this week, the Democrats held their convention. You probably saw at their party.  The media says the big message from their Convention was that we need to turn the page from the failures of the last four years.


Do you believe it? They forgot they've run it for the last four years. She was saying last night, "We will stop the abuse. We will stop the high taxes." I said, "You could have done it three and a half years ago."  In fact, you could leave that nice auditorium that you're in and go to the White House right now.


You want to have a strong border? All you have to do is say to the incredible Border Patrol, ICE, law enforcement, "Close the border now." You don't need bills.  I did it, and we had the best border in history. Put up that chart. Put it up. That chart, I love that chart. I love that chart.


Put it up. I love that chart. Not everybody realizes, but that chart is very meaningful, even beyond the numbers that are on the chart. It shows the least numbers of illegal immigrants pouring into our country. Again, prisons, from mental institutions, terrorists, where the bottom arrow is. But you know what?


That chart is meaningful in many ways. Some people understand what I'm talking about. I love you, darling. I love you. I'm going to sleep with that chart tonight, Deb. I'm going to sleep with that chart. But isn't that a beautiful site? Look at that. Look at that arrow. And then look what happens when -- that was my last week in office, and look what happens after I left.


It's like a rocket ship. Look at that. Isn't that terrible? No vetting, no checking. We have no idea who they are. They just pour into our country by the millions and millions and millions. We need to turn the page of four years of calamity and failure. They have had calamity and failure, and say, Kamala, you've done a horrible job.


You've been the worst vice president in the history of our country. Kamala, you're fired. You're fired. Get out. Get out. Get out, Kamala. She's the only person ever to get a nomination of a party without getting one vote. She didn't get one vote. Hey, maybe she's smarter than we think. You could look at it that way.


As vice president, Kamala cast the deciding votes causing the worst inflation in decades, costing the typical American household $28,000. Think of this. Higher prices. It was inflation, $28,000. As borders are, she flooded America with savage, illegal alien criminals who have been raping, pillaging, and killing our cities and our towns.


 And we were withdrawing, but we were going to withdraw with dignity, with grace and with strength. We would've been out faster, but we were going to keep Bagram. But that was the most embarrassing event in the history of our country, leading to horrific war and humiliation all over the world.


When Putin saw that, he invaded Ukraine. It brought a lot of people back because they said, "The United States is run by incompetent people. The United States is no longer respected. It's no longer strong." That's what they said. A lot of these things that you're seeing now wouldn't have happened except for the horrible, horrible event of Afghanistan.


I was dealing with the leader of Afghanistan, Abdul, and I said, "Abdul, you can't kill our people." He was killing our people. And I had a strong talk with him. I'm not going to get into it exactly. We went 18 months without one soldier being sniped at or shot at,  not one soldier injured or killed.


And then, we had a tremendous election where we did probably 10,000,000 or 12,000,000 more votes that we got the first time. Most presidents don't get as many votes the second time because people get bored, but they don't get bored with me. They get bored. No, they get bored. Like Barack Hussein Obama  got far fewer votes the second time, and he won, he won.


Have you heard of him? Barack Hussein Obama.  They were very nasty. I was surprised. And I was sort of nice to him. I said, you know, "No, I like him." Good.


It didn't matter. They were nasty to me. And, of course, last night, Kamala mentioned my name I think 21 times. She didn't mention the border. She didn't mention inflation. She didn't mention anything but my name over and over and over again.  She blamed me for the border.


I haven't been there in four years. You saw it. I had the safest border, the best border we've ever had. She blamed me for the border. They lied so much. They lied about everything. She said I was involved with something called Project '25. I don't even know what the hell it is. No, they really were nasty.


And then, they say to me, "Sir, please stick to policy. Don't stick to personality. You should be nice to people, sir. You have to be nice." I call them up. My geniuses, they get paid a fortune -- actually, not that much, but I call up my people and say, "They're knocking the hell out of me and you say I shouldn't get personal.


I have to get personal, don't I?"  I have to get personal. I have to get personal. They get personal, but I'm going to do my best. So, they're allowed to get personal with me, but I'm not allowed to get personal to them. They call me names that are so bad. Our great first lady says, "But you're not that way, darling." They love our great first lady, I will tell you.


They do, they do. "But darling, you're not that way. I said, "I know that." And if I say something just slightly out of order, like, "She didn't do a very good job last night," please never, ever mention her look or anything like that. If you ever say, "She didn't look really great," that's the end of your political career.


So, I wouldn't say a thing like that. How about her opening where she said, "Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you." I said, "What the hell is wrong with her, Deb?" Debbie Lesko. She's a winner. Is that Sheriff Joe?  Oh. That's Sheriff Joe.


Look at that, a legend.


And our Sheriff Joe's looking at these clowns where they have no idea what they're doing, where people come in by the millions. He had nobody come in. Remember, he dressed everybody in pink?  Remember that, right? Is that right, Joe? They had to dress in pink. I mean, it wasn't the worst.


It wasn't bad. I mean, you got a lot of killers that had to dress -- Pink underwear, pink undershirt, and a pink outfit because he didn't want them coming into our own country. Do you remember Arizona when Sheriff Joe was at the border?  You didn't have people coming in. I think for the one year he had one person come in, but they got him.


Now, we have 3 million people coming in through your border. Your border.  Great going, Joe.


And we love your wife.


He lost his wife a few years ago, and she was a hell of a woman, right, Joe? But she's looking down at you and she's proud of you. She's saying, "You did very well with this group of people." But I've known you for a long time. It was nobody like him. He understood the border better than anybody, and he ran it fairly.


Very fair, but he ran it strong and they respected him. They didn't even try. So, thank you very much, Joe. Your wife is -- she's proud of you. She's proud of you, very proud of you. We're grateful to be joined tonight by the founder of Turning Point Action, a gentleman named Charlie Kirk. Thank you, Charlie.


What a job he does. I said, "Charlie, do me a favor. We got this thing won, but do me a favor. Make sure they don't cheat." The only way they can do anything is if they cheat like hell, and we've been victims of that. "Make sure they don't cheat, Charlie. We don't need the votes. We just want to make sure that they don't cheat." Hello, Sheriff.


How are we doing? How are you guys doing?  Good, thank you. We need every sheriff to get over there, every law enforcement official because we got the votes. We got to make sure everything's on the up and up. Charlie and his team of people. I mean, he's got hundreds of thousands of young people.


It's actually quite discriminatory. Charlie, have you ever been sued by old people for not accepting them? He's got the youngest looking group of people and their warriors. They're unbelievable. The job Charlie has done is incredible. Thank you, Charlie. Thank you, Charlie. The job he's done, it's really incredible.


Also with us is an incredible congresswoman who has decided to go on to a certain board. Do you know what I'm talking about? The most important board maybe in the whole country. And she's going to make sure everything's on the up and up, Debbie Lesko.  Debbie, thank you, Congresswoman. Thank you, Debbie.


You make sure, Debbie. She just won a big election by a massive -- boy, you won that election easy. She won it pretty easy. Another person who's a friend of mine, he's a warrior for a long time. He's great. He loves his state, he loves our country, Andy Biggs.  Congressman Andy Biggs, thank you.


Thank you. And two other warriors, a young one and a little bit older one, but boy, they are tough. You don't get tougher than Eli Crane and Paul Gosar, Paul Gosar. Great. Thank you, Eli. Great, great. Beautiful, great people. And the next congressman from Arizona's 8th District, Abe Hamadeh.  Wow, it's going to be good for a long time.


He's a young gentleman. Great, Abe. Great job, great job. Great heart. He went through a tough one. Arizona GOP chairwoman, she is doing a job, Gina Swoboda. Gina. She is doing a job. And a very good friend of mine, the next senator from Arizona. I really believe this. Look, she's running against -- we don't have to do a -- I was going to bring her up. I was going to say, "Come on, Kari, speak," but she just spoke for half an hour.


What the hell am I going to do here? But I will tell you, she's running against a guy who's a rubber stamp for, it used to be Biden. Now who the hell knows? I don't even know. Do we know who it is? A rubber stamp for somebody.  He's an open borders maniac.


He's a defund the police maniac. He shouldn't be allowed to even run in this election against her, because Kari Lake is incredible. She's incredible,  she's tough, she's smart, she's got heart, and she should be your next senator. I hope you win this sucker because you are winning -- you're running against a guy that cannot carry your shoes.


I'm being nice. You know the expression, "Can't carry her shoes?" And you're going to have a big victory, and we're going to work together, and we're going to make sure we win this state. I say this presidentially, if we win this state, which we're expected to, we're leading and all of that, we win the presidency.


And we have to take Kari Lake with us.  Very important. And honestly, we all know Kari. She's been a newscaster for 22 years. Everybody knows her. She's never had a problem. She's solid as a rock. This guy is a freaking loser.


He's a loser. So, with that, we'll go on. But good luck, Kari. We love you, special. Since Democrats didn't talk about Kamala's horrendous record last night, we will. For nearly four years, comrade Kamala Harris -- I use that term. I don't know if it's good. Is it good or not? Tell me. Let's do a poll. Let's do a poll.


I love these free polls. Instead of spending $250,000 to a pollster that doesn't even poll. You know what they do? They take your money. They say, "Let's see, all right. 49 to 50." It's one of the greatest businesses in history. I get a free poll here. Do you like the name? She's a radical-left lunatic, OK?  She's a defunder of the police.


She wants to defund all the things that we talk about. Do I call her comrade Kamala Harris or do I not?  has overseen a nation-wrecking border invasion.


This is a nation-wrecking -- it's an invasion. One of the ways I built hundreds of miles of wall -- I was there yesterday. I looked up and down, I said, "Man, I built a lot of wall," and we could have put up 200 miles more. But they didn't want to do it. And that's when I said, "You know, I think they really want to open borders." But we built much more wall than I said I was going to build, and you couldn't see the end of it yesterday.


You couldn't see the end. We had a news conference. But it's a dangerous area. It's a dangerous area because of her. Because of him, but he put her in charge. Whether she's borders czar -- and that's what she was called. Only recently did she say she doesn't have that. But you know what? She has been the worst manager, and the border patrol never even -- they never even met her.


She's in charge of it. They never even met her. And you suffered the price. She's allowed at least 20 million illegal aliens into our country,  including millions and millions of unvetted fighting-age men from 159 countries. You know, it's no longer just South America. They come from Africa, the Congo, they come from -- a lot coming from jails in the Congo.


Let me tell you, these people, the nice thing, they make our criminals look like the nicest people on earth. That's how tough they are. They come from the Middle East. They come from areas that we're fighting. They come from enemy terrain. They come from all over the world, and they do come from South America, but not only from South America, 159 different countries in the last year.


And they're totally unchecked and unvetted. Every single year she's been in office, she has set an all-time high illegal border crossings record, triple and quadruple what the year before, where I'd have like 150,000 and she'd have 2.5 million. What she has done to this country, nobody can tell you. You know, she destroyed San Francisco as the district attorney.


She destroyed California. You know that. This is a woman that's going to take -- she destroyed California. She had a policy, if you steal less than $950, you're allowed to keep it, you could go. We're not going to prosecute.  So, criminals are walking into stores. Mean, nasty guys, rough guys, and they take calculators and they calculate.


Let's say, I want to get up -- they walk out, then they walk back in. The whole thing -- this is who we're going to have running our country? I don't think so. And nobody lies like her. She's a liar. She makes up crap. She's the one going to raise -- you know, she said, "


Because I'm going to put tariffs on other countries coming into our countries, and that has nothing to do with taxes to us. That's a tax on another country. And I did it with China and we had no inflation. You know, I had no inflation. I took in hundreds of billions of dollars from China, and not one other president took in 10 cents.


They were all, "Oh, China. We're afraid of China. We're afraid of China." According to a new DHS report, Kamala Harris also lost, and this is impossible to believe, listen to this, 325,000 migrant children are gone. They're missing. She allowed them to be trafficked into our country. Many of these children are now in sex slavery or they're dead.


Probably mostly dead. They will never see their homes or their parents again. They were swiped out of their homes. They were taken out of their homes. This is a government number, 325,000 children, sex slaves or they're dead. Many are dead. Hamas has so little respect for Kamala and Joe Biden, crooked Joe Biden, that the hostages that they're talking about all the time, I believe they're largely gone.


I believe they're largely gone. So, sad. When you look at what happened, when you look at that attack on October 7th, I believe they're gone. And the reason they're not negotiating, you know, it says, "Hamas has decided not to negotiate." Because what they want back are the hostages, and I think those hostages, for the most part, aren't around anymore.


And so, they said, "Oh boy, we can't really negotiate because we don't have the hostages." The hostages are largely gone. How sad, how terribly sad. If they feared and respected Joe Biden and Kamala, they would never have killed those hostages. They would've never attacked. They would never have attacked when I was president.


Iran was broke. Iran was broke. I told China, "If you spend any money on buying oil from Iran, you'll never do business in the United States again, and we're going to put a 200 percent tariff on Iran."  And Iran was broke and they had no money for Hamas and they had no money for Hezbollah.


You can check your numbers. Look at it. My last year, they had no money. We had no terrorism. For four years. I didn't have any terrorism. Did you notice that? None. And when they asked Viktor Orban, the prime minister of Hungary, very strong guy, "What is the reason that things are so bad now?" The Middle East is blowing up. Russia is blowing up with Ukraine.


There's war starting all over the place. Looks like bad things could happen in Taiwan with China. What's the reason? He says, "You got to get 


They respected your leader, but they respected our country. Now, they laugh at our country. Our country has become a joke. She's provided deportation immunity to the vast majority of criminal aliens living inside the United States and is importing MS-13 gang members, known as the most violent gang of them all, into our cities and into our high school.


Think of it. They're coming into our high schools. Kamala has set loose thousands of Venezuelan gang members who, according to law enforcement bulletins, have been given a license to shoot American police officers. You know that, right? Under Harris, ICE deportations are at the lowest level in history, the history of our country.


She supports deadly sanctuary cities. Now, of course, she's flip-flopping on everything. You do know that, right? You know that, Joe? She's flip-flopping on everything. Debbie, right? She's a flip-flopper. Andy, she's a flip-flopper. She flip-flops on everything. Because she was polled, she said -- she didn't do too well.


That's probably why she was the first out out of 22 people. I can't get over it. She was the first failure, and now she's running. Oh, we're going to beat her. I look forward to the debate, too. I do look forward to the debate.  I look forward to it. She called for abolishing ICE.


These are great patriots who are tough as hell.


You need tough people. She's compared ICE agents to the KKK. She wants to repeal the federal law that makes illegal immigration a crime, making illegal immigration totally legal.  It's OK to come into our country. She wants to release all of the thousands of criminal illegal aliens that are locked up in detention centers, and these are the toughest of them all.


She wants to release them into our country. We have detention centers for the toughest of them all. She says, "We're going to release them." Now, maybe they'll ask her tonight, "Oh, no, I would never do that." She might change. She's changing on everything. But don't forget, if the election ever went haywire, if they can find a way to cheat enough and she wins, in quotes, "she wins," she's going to do everything that you wouldn't dream of, including no fracking.


She didn't discuss fracking last night. No fracking in Pennsylvania. I can't imagine she could do well in Pennsylvania; 500,000 jobs are involved with fracking and a huge amount of their budget. Everything's involved with fracking, and she's against it. In her speech last night, she lied about almost everything.


She lied when she said I was going to raise taxes. No, I'm lowering taxes. She's the one. She lied and said that, oh, this is the best, I'm going to be the one, and I was already there, I didn't touch your Social Security and a lot of Democrats wanted me to. She lied when she said that I want to cut Social Security and Medicare.


No, she wants to cut it because she wants to have the illegal immigrants coming into our country to go on Social Security and Medicare, which will destroy Social Security and Medicare.  It's Kamala Harris who cast a tie breaking vote to cut Medicare by $266 billion. She cut your Medicare, remember this, by $266 billion, and then promised mass amnesty last night to 20 million illegal aliens and make them American citizens, which will absolutely obliterate your Social Security and your Medicare, ultimately leaving those programs bankrupt, and our seniors desperate and poor.


And remember, when you talk all of those hundreds of billions of dollars, you know what she's putting that money into? The green new scam. She took it out of your Medicare. She's putting it into one of the greatest ever, one of the great voices of sport. Stand up. Let's see if anybody knows who the hell you are.


Good job. A good man. He's done a good job. But she took it out and she wants to put it into -- she put it into the green new scam. She said the border was safe under her direction. You know, they're the party of disinformation and misinformation. They'll say something 100 times, "The border was safe." Did you see her last night?


The border's safe. The first time she said that, it was about two months ago, and she went like this: "The border was -- safe." She started choking. Horrible. They are. They're misinformation, disinformation. They lie. They keep saying the same untruth over and over again. And you're not like in my business, you're not in this political business like these people.


You're in other things. You're lawyers and you're carpenters and you're electricians and you're drivers, and you're doing a lot of things. By the way, no tax on tips, remember that? No tax on tips.  No tax on tips. She tried that one, and yet, in Congress right now, they have bills to destroy people that don't -- do you see what's going on? It'll never happen.


It's guaranteed to happen with me. No tax on tips. But actually. It's the most dangerous and unsafe border anywhere in the world. There's never been a border like it, no country ever. If a country had a border like that, they would fight with sticks and stones if they had to to keep the people out. She believes that if you say things enough over and over again, even if they're stone-cold lies, like Project '25, "Project '25, he believes in --" I don't even know what the hell it is. I know it's a group of people that got together and they're slightly on the conservative side and it's unbelievable what they do. It's really unbelievable.


She would destroy our country. If she was ever elected, our country will go down the tubes. We'll be in a depression like 1929. We will not have a country any longer. Yesterday, I was at the border with the victims of Kamala's migrant crime wave. One of them is here with us tonight. Michael Moran is the brother of Rachel Moran, who you know about.


Rachel was a cherished 37-year-old mom of five absolutely incredible children, beautiful children, beautiful woman. Last summer, Rachel was out on a run when she was brutally raped and murdered by an illegal alien who was let into America by Kamala Harris let her in. Said, "Let her in." The animal who committed this heinous crime first killed another woman in El Salvador before walking across the open border.


Just walked right in, no problem. He then attacked a 9-year-old girl and her mother in a home invasion in Los Angeles before murdering Rachel in cold blood. Michael, I promise you, in Rachel's memory, we will stop this invasion, and we will keep these savage criminals the hell out of our country.  Thank you, Michael.


Please. Thank you. So, sorry, Michael. So, sorry. Say hello to your parents and everybody. OK? Thank you. So, horrible. We are so sorry, Michael. Thank you for being here. According to her own administration's statistics on crime victims, Kamala Harris has presided over a 43 percent increase in violent crime, these are government numbers, by the way, including 58 percent increase in rape, 89 percent increase in aggravated assault, and 56 percent increase in robbery.


During the riots of 2020, she encouraged her followers to donate to bail criminals, looters, and arsonists and killers. People died. Including Shawn Michael Tillman, a dangerous repeat offender who went on to shoot and kill a Minnesota man six times in the head. He shot him six times in the head and torso.


And Kamala let him out, let him go. While Kamala Harris was DA of sanctuary city San Francisco, 20 years ago, maybe the greatest city in the world, today, it's unlivable, she ignored the victims family. "Please, please let us do -- please don't do this to us," and refused to seek the death penalty against an illegal alien MS-13 gang member, one of the worst murderers they've seen in years, who murdered an innocent man and his two sons, and didn't even remember he did it. As California attorney general, she redefined child sex trafficking, assault with a deadly weapon, and rape of an unconscious person as a nonviolent crime.


 both San Francisco and California itself. He's a terrible governor. What a governor. For years -- but you know, she might've picked a worse one. If you look at the numbers in Minnesota, we hope we're going to win Minnesota.


It hasn't been once since 1972, Richard Nixon, but we're doing well there, too, but the governor is horrible. You know what he did? He approved a bill to give tampons in every young man's bathroom.  Right? Think of that. This is what we have. This is our vice president, our potential president, tampons in boys bathrooms.


For years, Kamala Harris has pushed legislation to strip police officers of protection, trying to bankrupt them and ruin their lives for doing their jobs. No protection, no immunity, no nothing. She even endorsed defund the police. I will never defund the police. I will only fund the police and fund them with plenty of money and pride.


I will always back our law enforcement heroes in blue. We are pleased to be joined tonight by the president of the Arizona Police Association, Justin Harris. Oh, no, he's not a relation. Justin, are your relation? Last name is Harris, spelled the same. I'm very concerned about this. I'm not really. But Justin Harris is a great gentleman who has a special announcement.


Well, good evening, everyone. I'm a little concerned about that illegal immigration chart you put up there. Was that a spike in immigration or the inflation?

Kind of both, right? Wonderful job those Democrats are doing. My name's Justin Harris. I'm a veteran police sergeant here in Arizona with 25 years of experience and service, and I also have the privilege and the honor to serve as the state president of the Arizona Police Officers Association. The Arizona Police Officers Association is the largest law enforcement association in the state of Arizona, and we represent over 12,000 law enforcement professionals, the men and women that currently serve in our communities each and every day at the local, county, state, and federal law enforcement levels.

We cover the entire state. And on behalf of the Arizona Police Association, we are proud to welcome President Trump to the great state of Arizona and to the wonderful city of Glendale, home of Luke Air Force Base. Folks, these men and women in Luke fly those beautiful F-16 Fighting Falcons of the 309th Fighter Squadron and those beautiful, beautiful F-35 Lightnings.

Nothing like hearing those jets flying overhead, that's the sound of freedom and American ingenuity. Also, a special thank you to the Glendale Mayor, Jerry Weiers, and the entire city council for their unwavering support and advocacy for our police officers, active duty military, and our veterans. You're not going to find stronger advocates for our military, our veterans, and our police officers anywhere in the world other than Glendale.

Thank you, mayor and council. Also, I wanted to give a special thank you to the men and women of the Glendale police department, the best and most professional police department in the country. Thank you. With a special thanks to Police Chief Chris Briggs and the other eight West Valley Coalition departments that allowed us to use their law enforcement officers here today to keep us all safe, thank you, gentlemen and women.

Law enforcement today is, perhaps, the most complex occupation on earth, it's an honorable profession of service and commitment to others, those who step in the gap between good and evil and to protect our communities, and we do so knowing the risk. Officers are required to make split-second decisions under the most uncontrolled, chaotic, and stressful situations, often at great risk to their own personal safety.

Given the literally millions of contacts between officers and the communities annually, with a few exceptions, officers make those decisions correctly as trained and in accordance with the law. But high profile does not mean high frequency. Currently, in this day and age of instant information, social media, and videos, there's an unrealistic expectation of absolute perfection.

It is not possible to be perfect every time because we hire from the human race. People are not perfect. Good people can make mistakes. However, the constant orchestrated villainization of police officers has eroded the public's trust. It has encouraged an air of obscenity, disrespect, and assault of attitudes and behavior towards police officers.

What was that name we called her? What was that comrade Kamala, was that what it was? Comrade Kamala.  Kamala, Kamala, comrade -- well, what we do know is she supported defunding the police, and the best term is they wanted to reimagine policing, I don't know what that means.

She is part of the radicalized movement to degrade public safety and make our communities less safe. In contrast, under President Trump's first term in office, he always had our backs. Thank you for that. He never rushed to judgment, and he never, ever in a lifetime called to defund the police, ever. And we owe him a debt of gratitude for that.


The Democrats haven't quite figured this out yet, but it's not rocket science, but open borders equals more crime, close the border.  President 

And he's not going to reimagine us doing that. President Trump will stop the multimillion dollar illicit trade that occurs each and every day at the border. Thanks to comrade Kamala, with these open borders, the only group that she's enriched is the Mexican cartels, which have expanded over 160 countries across the world.

 They've done this by using human beings and human trafficking and treating them like dogs. The flow of illegal drugs in this country is unmatched in history, and they also have illegal vaping devices that are harming our communities and killing our kids, all being imported from China through the cartels.

This has to stop. Kamala Harris' borders are deliberately obliterated the US border to flood the country with illegals. They canceled the wall, they implemented catch and release, and terminated Remain in Mexico, and effectively shut down ICE, pulling those agents off of the front line, putting them in administrative duties to do paperwork and change diapers.

Meanwhile, the front door of our country's wide open. President Trump will stop this.  Didn't think so. Has President 

And I heard the cartels went running. On average, there's over 5,000 illegal immigrants are being released into the country every day, our country. We don't know who they are, don't know where they came from, we can't even account for them. For 38 straight months, the monthly border encounters have been higher than even the highest month seen under the Trump administration.

You can't tell me this isn't being done deliberately because it is.  In 2023 alone, more than 900,000 illegal immigrants were released into the interior of the US, unaccounted for, waiting for court dates, and nobody knows where they're at. That's the entire city of Mesa flowing into our country, and that's the only ones we know about.

Illegal drugs are flowing into this country at an alarming rate with only five dissent being intercepted at the border.


We got to go now, got to go now.

OK.  You got it. Folks, let me finish up here, please. This country, our family, our communities, and everything that each of us holds dear and near to our hearts cannot endure another four years of a clueless president that cares more about the color of her curtains than the safety and prosperity of our great country and its people.

It is clear who supports law enforcement, law and order, and that's President Trump. His unwavering show of commitment to the rule of law of men and women who place their lives on the line every day. So, if you support national security and want to secure borders, vote Trump.  If you support law enforcement and safe communities, vote Trump.


 If you support getting our country back on track and making America great again, vote 


Thank you, God bless. 


Thank you very much. Wow, that's a great endorsement, means a lot. So, just in closing, I want to say that from the moment we take back the White House from Kamala Harris and crooked Joe Biden, crooked as a $4 bill -- used to say $3 bill, now we say $4 bill. I believe we're going to have the four greatest years in the history of our country.


 you're going to have an affordable country again.


We will make America the dominant energy producer in the world, by far, it won't even be close. Remember, as I always say, we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other country in the world, including Saudi Arabia, including Russia, and we will use it to reduce taxes and energy costs for our people.


We will reduce your energy bills in one year by more than 50 percent, that's here  and that's everywhere in the country. And that includes heating, air conditioning, electricity, and gasoline for your car. I will turn the United States into a manufacturing superpower more than it has ever been, ever, ever, ever before.


We will bring back jobs to America. We will no longer allow foreign countries to take our jobs and to steal our wealth. We will make our own products and we will buy far less from foreign countries that we are buying right now. We're going to make it here. Other countries that make us pay a tax to do business with them will be charged the same tax when they send their product into the United States.


It'll be called the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act. And if China or any other country charges us a 100 percent tax or tariff, then we will charge them a reciprocal tariff of 100 or 200 percent.  In the words of a great president, William McKinley, the protective tariff policy of the Republicans has made the lives of our countrymen sweeter, brighter, brighter, brighter, brighter.


And it's the best our citizenship and our civilization can ever have, better destiny for our people. We ought to take care of our own nation, and we have to take care of our industries first. We have to take care of our country first. It's about time, and it's going to happen starting on January 20th of next year.


 I will not let Mexico, China, or any other country sell cars into the United States to the detriment of our autoworkers all over our country, including in Michigan and South Carolina. United Auto Workers, you're going to vote for Trump because I'm going to bring you back more auto production than you've ever seen in this country before.


 And if you relied on Kamala, there would be no auto industry, within three years you'll never make another car.


When I'm back in the White House, we will pass large tax cuts for our workers, and there will be, as I said, no tax on tips.  And that means if you're a restaurant worker, a bartender, hospitality worker, caddy, barber, mover, driver, or anyone else who relies on tip income, your tips will be 100 percent yours to keep.


You will no longer be harassed by your government. And I will fight for and protect your social security and your Medicare with no cuts and no changes in age. We're not going to move it up, they want to move it up five years, we're not doing it. "Darling, when do we get our social security?" Well, they just moved it up five years, you're not going to happen with me. It's going to happen with them, they're going to destroy your social security.


And we will have no tax on social security benefits for seniors.  They destroyed our seniors and everyone else with their horrible inflation, and then they give you small dollars with social security and they want you to pay tax, I don't know. We don't need it, we can do it, we have so much else, including that liquid gold -- oh, we're going to go hunting for liquid gold.


We will cut wasteful and unnecessary spending, and we will terminate the green new scam and spend that money on roads, bridges, real infrastructure, and paying down debt. No fake infrastructure that has caused massive inflation with no benefit whatsoever to our population. I will settle the war in Ukraine, and I will end the chaos in the Middle East.


And I will -- we will restore peace through strike, and it will happen quickly. I will have that war ended before I go to the White House on January 28th. I will have the war in Ukraine ended as president-elect.  And we will end the weaponization of government against the American people, including myself, by the way.


They've weaponized the government against the political opponent. Can you imagine? But you just saw, we won the big case down in Florida, everyone said, "Oh." They weaponized it, they got their justice department to go after their political opponent, but they're not doing well. I'm the only one that ever happened to where my numbers went up, what do you think about that, Mr. Congressman?


2 of 112 paragraphs scored.
I don't think it's ever happened. They go after me and my numbers go up, somebody's got to explain it. We will rebuild our cities, including Washington D.C., making them safe, clean, and beautiful once again. And we will keep the US dollar as the world's reserve currency because right now it is under siege.


6 of 112 paragraphs scored.
 And this is how we will end the era of inflation, mayhem, and misery under Kamala and crooked Joe, and unleash safety, prosperity, peace for Americans of every race, religion, color, and creed. Together, we will deliver low taxes, low regulations, low energy costs, low interest costs, low inflation.


And that's for everyone, we're talking about everyone. We want to make sure everyone can afford groceries, a car, and a home. We will stop the invasion, end migrant crime, support our great police, strengthen our military, build a missile defense shield around our country, keep critical race theory and transgender insanity out of our schools, and we will keep men out of women's sports.


 Everyone will prosper, every family will thrive, and every day will be filled with joy and opportunity, and hope.


But for that to happen, we must defeat Kamala Harris, a new name. We must stop her country-destroying liberal agenda once and for all. We have to put an end to it. So, get your friends, get your family. Register, volunteer, and get out to vote. We want a landslide that is too big to rig, too big to rig.  Right?


Right, Deb? On November 5th, we will save our country. We will save our economy. We will rescue our middle class. We will reclaim our sovereignty and restore our borders. We will put America first. And we will take back our country. And together we, will make America powerful again.  We will make America wealthy again.


 And we will make America great again.


 God bless you all. God bless you. Thank you very much. Thank you, Arizona. God bless you all.

Thank you. Well, I want to thank you very much and its an honor to be And sit down, please. Go ahead. Well stay together for a little while. This is a big endorsement for me. This is 3,077. Boy, thats a lot of protection. Thats big protection and we appreciate it very much. Its an honor and Im thrilled to be back with the incredible heroes and patriots of the Fraternal Order of Police, an incredible group and a group thats highly respected all over the country. You dont hear it, but I will tell you. Its true. To all of the law enforcement men and women here today. I respect you so much. I admire you. And as your president, I will always back the blue as I did. I backed the blue more than any other person.

I was not a defunder like Kamala. She was a defunder. She was a 10-year defunder. You defund when you want to defund for 10 years, thats the end of that one. I think I could leave right now, and you say theres no way that were not voting for that guy. Thats the ultimate, isnt it? Before we begin, big news today is that the Manhattan D.A. witch hunt against me has been postponed because everyone realizes that there was no case because I did nothing wrong. Its a witch hunt. Its an attack by my political opponents in Washington, D.C. And comrade Kamala Harris and radical left opponents for purposes of election interference. Thats all that was. And its a case that should have never been brought. It should have never been brought. But nothing like that has ever really happened in the United States, that we know of at least. And its strictly third-world banana republic stuff.

Importantly, the public understands this and so does every legal scholar, expert and luminary, including people and just highly respected people like the people in this room are highly respected, like Andy McCarthy, Jonathan Turley, Alan Dershowitz, Mark Levin, Stephen Calabrese, David Rifkin, Greg Jarrett, Katie and Andrew Cherkasky, and even from CNN, Eli Honig. I appreciate that, Eli, because hes been great. They all said its a case that is not a case. Shouldnt even be brought. Politics. But I greatly appreciate the words in the letter today from the judge. He said, If necessary being utilized in the decision, because there should be no if necessary. This case should rightfully be terminated immediately. And as we prepare for the most important election in the history of our country, its the most important election weve ever had because our countrys going bad. You may have noticed. You take a look at some of the people pouring into our country by the millions.

In addition, there was a big political victory today in a certain place called North Carolina. Has anybody heard of North Carolina? I even have a grandchild, very beautiful grandchild, named Carolina. And Laras here today. Where is Lara? Where are you? Right there. Right there. Carolinas a beauty. Shes beautiful, and Eric came. He doesnt come too often for this. Hed rather do his own speeches. People would rather hear him. So its a great couple. Beautiful children, great couple. She loves this state so much. And she said, Oh, dont worry, youre going to win. They love you here. And she grew up here and had a great life here. I dont know if her life is as good now, frankly. She loves this place. And she says, Dont worry. I said, Well, if anything bad happens, Im blaming you. Thatll be the end. But weve won it four times. Weve won the primaries, we won everything. Weve won the primaries and then we won just another big one. We won by a lot, and we have to win one more election and well be six and 0 in North Carolina.

We love North Carolina and thank you for both being here. Thats great. Its an honor. Your appeals court ruled today that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.s name should be taken off the ballot. And that sounds like a bad thing for him. Its not. Its actually a great thing. Hes an incredible team player and he didnt want anybody to be voting his name. Because, as you know, he fully endorsed us. Hes with us. Hes going to be watching out for womens health and everybodys health and got a lot of great things to say. He is very smart and very good, a great person and very popular. So they didnt want to have, and we didnt, but he didnt either. He didnt want to have his name so he gets some votes even though he was with us, and we just won in the court. They said, No, it has to be left up there. And some people wouldnt realize it, so rather than voting for us, vote for him. And that wouldnt help us very much, would it? And so that was a big thing.

It means that all of those who love Bobby, and theres a lot of them and all that he stands for, especially regarding the health and well-being of us, can vote. They vote for me now. So all of the Bobby people are going to vote for me and I appreciate the decision. When I grew up, we revered the men and women that we knew. I grew up in New York, and youve all heard of New Yorks Finest. New Yorks Finest. Whos from New York? Oh, there they are. New Yorks Finest endorsed me, and theyre not supposed to. They said, We dont care. Were endorsing you anyway. But I appreciate it. Thank you very much.

I think weve been endorsed by every police group or slightly related, even if theyre slightly related, weve gotten every one of them and I appreciate it. Theres nobody we can respect more. I consider you in this room to be Americas finest. Youre all over the country, all over from the country, all over the place, and we really appreciate you being here. Got to meet a lot of you backstage, just amazing people. All you want to do is see our country be safe and prosperous and we want to love our country and we want to have reason to love it. The people of this country know it. We know all about you and the great job that you do, and the people of this country respect you greatly for it. So I just want to thank you on behalf of everybody because I see it.


Im all over, and this is a group thats respected like never before. Unfortunately, we were talking a little while ago, and its probably also a profession thats under more danger and threat than ever before, which we hate to see. I visit a lot of families of police officers who are no longer with us, and we have to give back the power and respect that they deserve more than anybody. And were going to do that. Youre going to solve the problem. We have crime-ridden cities like weve never seen before. Weve never seen anything like it, and you can do it. I said to 12 of your representatives backstage, I said, So if I give you the authorization to get rid of the crime, can you do it? They look at me like, what a stupid question. Of course we can.

So were going to be doing that, but thats why I am so deeply honored to receive the Fraternal Order of Police official endorsement for President of the United States. Thank you all very much in the room. I know you vote on that. Thank you very much. Great honor. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you, Patrick. I want to thank Patrick and every officer here this afternoon. Its really something I will not forget. 373,000, and Patrick just corrected the teleprompter. How did you add the other 4,000 people? They want to join so badly because they think were going to win. Everyone now wants to be-



As we gather today, American cities, suburbs, and towns are totally under siege. Kamala Harris and the communist left have unleashed a brutal plague of bloodshed, crime, chaos, misery and death upon our land. Other than that, theyre doing actually quite well. Thank you. Just yesterday, three police officers were shot in Milwaukee very tragically.  people were shot and five were killed in Chicago over Labor Day weekend. Can you imagine that? Its worse than in Afghanistan. We hear about Afghanistan and all these places. They dont compare with numbers like this. Baltimore is now facing the single most deadly drug crisis of any city in American history, and the number of homeless people on the streets of New York has just reached a -year high, and its going a lot higher than that. Hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens.


Look at all that fake news back there, but you cant. They dont like illegal migrant. They dont like illegal alien. They dont like anything. They want you to call them citizens. Future citizens. Do you ever hear that one? Future citizens. Future

Donald Trump :

 just citizens of our country. Thats what they want to hear, but I dont think this rooms inclined to do that. In city after city, the law-abiding citizen is forced to live in fear and danger and in filth. Mothers cant take their kids to the park. Graffiti is everywhere. The innocent are victimized in random attacks. Very brutal attacks and slayings are absolutely commonplace. Mobs of criminals walk into stores and clean out thousands of dollars in merchandise with absolutely no fear of punishment because youre not allowed to do your jobs. You cant even go to a pharmacy without everything being locked behind glass. The new thing in New York. You go to a pharmacy to buy aspirin, to buy a toothbrush, and it takes you  minutes to get a clerk to open up the glass because people are walking and just taking as much as they want.


I dont know if you know that in San Francisco, which this woman, our opponent I would say our opponent. I think we could Anybody in favor of her in this room, by the way? Let me just Okay, then I can safely say our opponent, but she No, she destroyed San Francisco, but she came up with a great idea. You can steal as much as you want up to $ and nothing happens to you. After that, nothing happens to you also, if you want to really When you think of it, really nothing happens to you no matter what the hell you do, unless you happen to be running for office and you accuse the election of being fraudulent, then a lot of things happen. Okay? But other than that, nothing happens. Think of that, . So guys are walking in with calculators. You have criminals walking in, theyre adding it up because they know if they stay below 


Can you believe it?  is like a lot of money, isnt it? Under the Harris regime, % of law-abiding citizens suffer while criminals run free, and our country is plagued into literally third-world conditions. In many ways, were a third-world country, but were going to clean that up real fast. Im here today to declare that we do not have to live this way. And when Im president of the United States, we are not going to take it anymore. Were not going to take it anymore. Thank you. Thank you. And frankly, no country can sustain what were going through with  million people allowed to come in from places that we dont want to talk about, but we will. Since Kamala Harris took office, she has presided over a % increase in violent crime, including a % increase in rape and an % increase in aggravated assault.


And under Comrade Kamala, assaults on police officers are up a minimum of %, and many of them are not reported. And if they are reported, theyre not taken down. And shootings of our police officers are up by over %. The day I take office is the day that Kamalas crime wave comes to an end. Its a crime wave in our country. Weve never seen anything like it. And frankly We talk about all of the problems that we have and they list them, and usually the economy is number one. To me, the number one thing that I get spoken to by the people, and I meet so many people, is crime. They cant believe it. They cant walk out of their apartments and by a loaf of bread without getting mugged, or wrapped, or shot. You look at Chicago, its not even believable. They had actually The numbers I read to you were very minor compared to about two months ago where they had  people shot and  dead in one weekend.


Think of that.  people were shot and  died, and the fake news doesnt talk about it very much. But we take back our country, and we will take back our country very soon for the law-abiding citizens of America because this is about the law-abiding citizens, not the criminals. Theyre protecting the criminals and not protecting the law-abiding citizens. We cant let that happen. With your help, we will restore public safety to our streets. We will bring back law and order to our nation, and we will give the heroes in blue the power to legally protect us and the respect that you deserve more than any other group of people, what you have to go through. And then you dont get the backup at all. Youre going to have the backup like you never had it before. Well, you had it four years ago, but even more so now because theyve let it get so out of control. The only thing good about this period of time We did great in . We did much better in .


I hate to tell you. We did much better, got millions more votes. I was told if you got the same number of votes, you cant lose. We got millions more votes than we got in . And in , with all of that, the only thing good about it is that we see how badly things are. I think the reason the spirit is more now than  or  is because they saw how bad it was. Its been so bad, and were able to do things. And you can be stronger and tougher and get your job done because they cant Even radical left people, or at least people that are leaning left, will understand that we have to clean up our crime. You cant have a country like this. Theres no country like this, no country, and were laughing stock all over the world. Over the past four years, Kamala Harris and the radical Democrat party have led a war on law enforcement in America. Theyre against you so strongly.


As a result, families that do everything right and carry this country on their shoulders have watched helplessly as their communities dissolved all around them. Kamala Harris and the radical liberals force anarchy on the American people while they live in safety, in many cases, behind walls. You know that Nancy Pelosi is a big wall wrapped around her house. Of course, it didnt help too much with the problem she had, did it? But she had a big wall wrapped around her house, but then she says, You have no idea what it was to get the wall done. Kamala Harris opposed me. Nancy Pelosi, everybody, the Democrats largely, not all of them, but they largely opposed it, but we got it built. I actually took it out of the military. I considered an invasion because dealing with Congress is so crazy. I said, Okay, ready? Were going to take $ billion out of the military budget. Youre going to buy about three less army tanks, and were going to build the wall because this is an invasion of our country.


As soon as I said that, everybody said, Youre right. And we did. We built over  miles of wall, and thats what gave us the best We had the best border numbers in history, and now we have the worst border numbers in history. Thats never been anything like it. And I pulled down a chart, if you remember, about two and a half months ago on my right. I said Im so proud of that chart. Now, I love it more than almost anything in the world. I love it more than I even love the police. Can you believe it? No, I pulled down a chart. I always look to my left, always, and I seldom use it. I use it maybe % of the time for speeches, but its always on my left. Its always at the end of the speech. And this time, at the beginning of the speech, I said, Pull down that chart. And if I didnt turn, I wouldnt be speaking with you today. So I love that chart. That chart is beautiful.


I love that chart. I pulled it down. I said, boy, that is beautiful Thats one beautiful The yellow and the blue and the red, right? Anyway, but what that chart showed and shows is the numbers. You see it went way down to almost nothing, and that was my final week in office. And then it went like a rocket ship right through the sky. Weve never had anything like it. No countrys ever had anything like it. Wealthy liberals destroy cities with defund the police. And theres still that movement. You just cant shake it. And sanctuary for illegals. While they move further into gated compounds, they set loose violent repeat offenders with no bail, while Marxist, prosecutors harass and threaten police officers who protect the hardworking citizens. They dont want you to protect the people. Its hard to believe, actually. Sometimes you say these things, and as youre saying them, youre saying, is that right?


But thats right. Its pretty hard to believe. Why would anybody say, We dont want to have a border? Why would anybody say, The whole world can empty out into our country even though its not sustainable? Why would anybody say something sort of simple like, We want men to play in womens sports. Why do they want say, We want men to play in womens sports? Why was that? Did you see the Olympics where they had two fighters, two transitioned fighters? They transitioned. This is the proper way of saying it. I say that just in case. I dont want to get myself in trouble with the media, the fake news. And they had two fighters. And you see the one young lady, beautiful young lady, and she was a fighter from Italy, and she fought a transitioned person who gave her just boom, a left jab. Now, a jab, for those that dont know fight, thats just sort of keep it going before you give. Boom. She backed up. Whoa. Then he did another jab, and she quit. She said, Ive never been hit like that in my life. Right? She quit.


Anyway, he went on to win the gold medal easily, and the other one went on to win the gold medal easily. But you have to see the weight lifting stats where an eighth of an ounce is added on. And for  years, they had a record that some guy comes along, I mean some transitioned person. Have you lifted before? No. No, I havent. Not much. Oh, good. Well, good luck. Lets see. Bing. Its crazy. These people are crazy, and its so demeaning to women. These women are great athletes. The whole thing is crazy, but I know you love it, right? This man on my right, he must love that, as he seethes. Hes seething. I just watch him watching. Hes seething as he watches this stuff, right? Hes actually looking and he cant even believe it, right? He cant even believe it.


Anyway, but as president, I will break the grip of the Marxists on our justice system, and I will end Kamalas war. And its her. Its her and a group of people, but its a war on police. And together, we will launch a war on violent crime in America. We have to. We are a laughing stock all over the world. Everyones always talking about these terrible countries to live in that regime, and this or that, but those countries dont have crime like we do, not even close. Under Harris, the number of police resignations surged recently to over %. Youve never had a number like that. In the first spending bill I sign, I will make a record investment in hiring, retention, and training for police officers. So important. Its powerful, so important. You remember when I was president, I gave you billions of dollars worth of military equipment that was unused. It was in the storage rooms. We talked about it. It was in the storage rooms. We talked about it. Remember that a few years ago? And I made it available to the police.


I took such heat. They said, It looks too powerful. It looks police-like. I said, Isnt that a good thing? Thats a good thing. But I gave you billions of dollars. It was sitting there drawing dust, billions and billions. And its storage houses all over the country, big storage houses of trucks. And a lot of it was defensive material too, and defensive jeeps with armor plates all over them and a lot of great stuff, and I gave it all out to the police, took a lot of heat. I thought it would be a popular thing. It was with the police. But the crazies out there, they thought it was just a terrible thing. They thought it looked too powerful. And you got it, and we saved a lot of lives with that equipment, right? We saved a lot of lives, and we saved a lot of rent.


We also saved a lot of rent that we didnt have to pay to all these storage places all over the country. Were going to get you pay raises and reinforcements. Were going to get you reinforcements because you need them. And Harris repeatedly sponsored legislation to strip police officers immunity. Its interesting. When you say the word Harris, nobody knows who the hell Im talking about. Harris. Harris. They say, Who is Harris? If you say to a person, Whats our Vice Presidents name? they dont know. Now, Kamala is an unusual name, but at least you know who were talking about. When I say Harris, nobody knows who the hell Im talking about. They say, Who is that? So maybe well refer to him more as Kamala. Its a little friendlier too, but its hard to be friendly with somebody that wants to destroy our country. Shes, right now, practicing. Do you know that? Shes in Pennsylvania and shes practicing for the debate.


Shes locked herself in a room. Shes got a lot to learn. Shes locked herself in a room, and they have one problem. You know what the problem is? They have MAGA people outside screaming, We love Trump. We love Trump. We love Trump. And they cant focus. Can you believe it, just came over? They got MAGA people all over the place, and theyre screaming, We love Trump, and she cant focus. Thats okay. As president, I will sign legislation to strengthen protections for police officers. So important. And I will crack down on Marxist prosecutors like Philadelphias, Larry Krasner and LA.s George Gascn. No, its unbelievable. These people, you get a murder This guy just shot three people, and hes out on the streets in two hours. Its crazy. No bail. Cashless, they call it. No longer

Donald Trump :

Will corrupt DAs be allowed to engage in selective and race-based enforcement of the law? My administration will issue hundreds of millions of dollars in federal grants to reward cities and towns and return to proven crime-fighting methods including stop-and-frisk and broken-windows policing. We did that with Rudy Giuliani. It was so successful.


Before Giuliani, New York was at the edge. It was a hopeless situation. And Rudy came in and he did the stop-and-frisk thing. And he had numbers that were moderate, good. You cant go crazy. But they knew what they were doing. And they did the windows and the window sounds like a ridiculous idea, but when they had all these burned-out places, they made them look livable. And we went from a crime-ridden city to the safest big city anywhere in the world. Thats a big accomplishment. He doesnt get the credit he deserves, I will tell you that.


But well get the homeless and the dangerously deranged, of which we have many, off of our streets. And many are coming in because I said theyre coming in from the mental institutions all over the world. And well get them the help they need. Its a very hard thing to get the help they need. And many of these people are never going to make a comeback. You know that. They cant make a comeback. Its horrible. Its a horrible thing. But well make our towns and cities safe again. Well make them clean and beautiful once again, and well have places that you live in the manner to which youre supposed to be living because people are living in hell right now. Thank you.


And working with local law enforcement, we will launch a federal task force to dismantle the gangs, the street crews, and the criminal networks that are ravaging our towns. This will include a -year mandatory minimum sentence for anyone guilty of human smuggling, a guaranteed life sentence for any guilty child trafficking, and the death penalty for drug dealers and anyone guilty of child or woman sex trafficking, which they are doing at numbers which are massive. And were also calling for a strong death penalty for anyone who kills a police officer. Right? Well get that done. Well get that done. Well get it done. Thank you. Thank you.


Kamala actually claims that crime is down on her watch. Can you believe this? Crimes down? They lie. Crime is through the roof. They forgot to include about nine cities that are the worst cities in the world. They forgot to include Chicago and a few of the others. And that was the FBI. Thats a shame. They issued stats and everybody was surprised that crime was about the same or maybe a little bit down. And then we found out that they didnt include Just like they didnt include , jobs in their jobs report. They were missing ,. They said , more people. It turned out to be total fraud. At a certain point, it becomes fraud. When youre down by , or , people, but , fake job numbers were put in a month ago and it was revealed by a leaker or somebody, but it came out and it was really pretty bad.


But they did the same thing on the crime numbers in order to make the crime numbers look better, which is still atrocious, but they wanted to make them look better. And Kamalas crime statistics are really as fake essentially as those job numbers. But you just think of it. I mean, think of it, , fake jobs they put in order to make their job numbers look better. The FBIs crime report does not include crime numbers from the most dangerous war zones and ganglions in America, Chicago. Ill tell you the ones that werent included are Chicago, Oakland, New Orleans, Los Angeles, San Francisco, and San Jose, which is rough. Nearly % of jurisdictions did not report their crime stats and they were the ones that had the highest numbers. So thats why your crime numbers were terrible, but they didnt look as bad as they should.


Crime is worse today than at any time in our countrys history. Kamala Harris destroyed San Francisco. She destroyed California. Now shes destroying America. She will destroy this country. She will destroy this country. And now that people are seeing whats going on Nobody knew who the hell she was, in all fairness. She was vice president that nobody knew. She shouldnt have been vice president. They call threat to democracy, shes a threat to democracy. The way they call me a threat. I take a bullet in the head and Im a threat. No, no. Shes a threat to democracy. Think of it.


But she didnt get any votes. He got  million votes. She got none. Zero. She was the first one out of  people to leave. She left the race because she got no support, and now shes running as the Democrat candidate. And I say thats a threat to democracy. Theyre the real threat to democracy. They use that. Thats just a standard line, Donald Trump is a threat to democracy because he wants to stop crime. These people are very mixed-up people. This November, the law-abiding citizens of our country are going to tell her, Kamala, youve done a horrible job. Remember the Apprentice? You couldnt be worse and were not going to let you do it again. Kamala, youre fired. Get out of here. Get out of here. It is true, though. I mean, shes got no votes and now shes running, so explain that one. Its not the democratic way. Its not a Democrat. I never call it They call it the Democratic Party because it sounds so nice. I call it the Democrat Party. Its actually the Democrat Party. They ought to change the name. Theyre always arguing that. I always call it Dem Its called Democrat Party. Democratic sounds so beautiful, the Democratic Party. Its even nicer in a speech. But they ought to change the name instead of complaining. And you know what she could do? All these things that she complains about right now, she should go and fix them. She shouldnt even go to the debate. She should go back to Washington, DC and fix all the things shes complaining about. Theres no problem.


As DA of San Francisco, Kamala was the original Marxist prosecutor. She was the original. She shielded illegal alien crack dealers from deportation at a level that nobody had ever seen before. She refused to seek the death penalty for an animal who killed a police officer. She didnt even call the officers family. She refused. She didnt want to call his family.


As California attorney general, Kamala redefined sex trafficking, child sex trafficking and assault with a deadly weapon and rape of an unconscious person as totally nonviolent crimes. Kamala then called herself a leader of the movement for no-cash bail. She was very proud of that, no-cash bail. That has done more to hurt our cities than almost anything I can think of where these people are getting out of jail one hour later. They dont even see the jail. And theyre violent criminals and theyre out of jail immediately.


She called for abolishing ICE. And these ICE people are incredible patriots and they have a tough job and you work with them very closely. But they are incredible and theyre tough and they love our country. And ending all jail sentences for parole violators, no more jail sentence. Whats the purpose of even reporting if you dont go to jail for parole violations? Unless, again, youre involved in political activity, meaning you want to run a democratic country, you want to run a country that is based on fair and free voting. Youre in serious trouble if you get caught trying to find out what are the real results of an election. Its an amazing thing.


Do you ever see that? They go after the people that are looking at the crime and they do terrible things to them, but the people that committed the voter fraud and everything, they can do whatever they want to do. Its so crazy. And I hope you as the greatest people, just as great as there is anybody in our country, I hope you watch for voter fraud. So it starts early. It starts in a week, but I hope you can watch and youre all over the place. Watch for the voter fraud because we win. Without voter fraud, we win so easily. Hopefully, were going to win anyway, but we want to keep it down. You can keep it down just by watching because believe it or not, theyre afraid of that badge. Theyre afraid of you people. Theyre afraid of that. More than anything else theyre afraid. So I hope you can watch.


During the  riots, Kamala Harris urged her followers to donate to a fund to bail out violent rioters, arsonists, and looters out of jail. You remember in Minnesota? One of the criminals she helped bail out of jail went onto murder a man in St. Paul, shooting him six times in the head and torso. Most disqualifying of all, Kamala Harris endorsed defunding the police, and she endorsed it so for so many years. No politician who endorsed Marxist defund the police lunacy should ever be the President of the United States because thats your philosophy. I promise you I will never tell you were going to defund the police. I will only tell you that we might overfund the police. Well be over budget. Ill have to call up Patrick and say, Patrick, were over budget. Im sorry. Were over budget, Patrick. Im sorry. Hell say, Its okay. Dont worry about it. But if I said, Patrick, were defunding, I would have some serious problems, wouldnt it?


But no crime Kamala has committed against the rule of law is worse than her nation-wrecking border invasion. Theres never been anything like it. For nearly four years, border czar Harris, and shes the border czar. But now she denies that term and she denies that she had much to do with the border. She was put in charge by Sleepy Joe, right? And who likes Oh, let me have a free poll, please. I love these free polls. You go out to a pollster, they charge you $, for a stupid poll. They interview like  people and they send you numbers. I dont even think they leave the office. I think they just make them up. Lets see, its  to .


But here I get a truth. If you had a name And hes gone now, so dont worry about it. But just out of curiosity, who likes Crooked Joe? Who likes Sleepy Joe? Who likes Crooked Joe? Who likes Sleepy Joe? Yeah, a lot of people. Well, now hes got plenty of time to sleep. You ever see a guy Somebody told him he looks great in a bathing suit on a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday during the week.


And he goes to the beach with a thing thats built, its built for children to lift up. Its aluminum. And he cant lift it. He cant lift his feet out of the sand. And then hes dead cold, knocked-out sleeping. And I say, You know if I ever hit that kind of a condition, and hopefully it wont happen for a long time, the last thing Im going to want to do is be sleeping with cameras all over the place taking your picture. I dont want to be sleeping in public. He sleeps like Ive never seen anybody sleep like that. He hits the chair and hes within seconds, seconds, hes gone, hes out. And oh, and hes a six handicap. Yeah.


You ever see him swing? He goes like this. The ball goes three yards if hes lucky if it doesnt go backwards. Somebody said, You know, that angered you, because they said I was very good in the debate. John King from CNN, That was one of the great debate performances. I didnt think about it, but they said the only time he got angry was when he said he was a six handicap. And did you notice he said, Im a six handicap. He always says .. He wants to be accurate. The guys not a hundred handicap. He couldnt break . I offered him a million dollars if he could break. You saw that. Now, a six handicap can easily break a hundred, right? Easily for those golfers. I said, $ million to your favorite charity if you go out just at a nice course, well pick, from the blue tees, like middle tees, if you can shoot a hundred, $ million. I never heard back from him.


But did you notice he said, Im a six handicap. And then within about  seconds, he said, Well, Im an eight handicap. I said, That was quick. We got them up two strokes. Yeah, but they said I was the most angry when I heard that because it may have been more fabricated than almost anything else he said. Anyway. No, thats the whole story with these people. Look, they lie and they cheat and theyve destroyed our country. Theyve destroyed our country.


Hes the worst president our countrys ever had. Shes the worst vice president. Theres never been such destruction. And I mean a war that wouldve never been had. Theres no way Russia was going in. I know Putin very well. He was not going in. Theres no way that Israel wouldve been attacked on October th. We wouldnt have inflation. You wouldnt have had that travesty in Afghanistan, the most embarrassing day in the history of our country. No, weve never had a person like this. But of all of them, I think allowing  million+++ people to come in from places unknown, I really think its probably the hardest thing to solve and its the worst thing thats happened

Donald Trump :

 happened to our country, but theyve invaded our country and as I said, they came from the prisons and the jails and the mental institutions and more terrorists than weve ever seen come into our country. We actually had a year where border patrol said that we had no terrorists. I didnt believe it, but I love it. , they said no terrorists have come into our country. None. I dont believe it. I dont believe it, but I use it anyway because what a stat. But they said, But we were very tough in that. And there were very few. I doubt there were Im sure there was some, but they said there was zero terrorists in . Check it out. Border patrol. And now we have numbers coming in, the likes of which weve never seen. And the worst terrorists in the world.


Theyre coming in from Yemen. Theyre coming in from all over the Middle East and theyre coming in from places that even you dont want to know about. An estimated % of arrests in Midtown Manhattan and over % of arrests in Queens are now illegal aliens. Can you imagine that? So much more than half are illegal aliens and all they do is talk about how people that come into our country illegally dont commit the same crimes as our people. Theyre so wrong.


And theyre more violent. Theyre more violent. Our country is being ravaged by migrant crime like nobody can believe. In June, -year-old And I got to know the parents, Jocelyn Nungaray in Texas was tied up, assaulted and strangled to death by migrant criminals from Venezuela that Border Czar Harris released into our country. In February, an illegal alien shot three DC police officers right through our door. In June, an illegal alien shot two NYPD officers, one in the chest, one in the leg.


Many have died. Many, many have died. You could go over these stats all day long. Death. In July, another illegal alien reportedly shot a San Antonio police officer with a rifle and shot him in a bad place. Only days ago, a migrant from Haiti who Kamala flew into our country very specially whos arrested in Massachusetts for a molesting a -year-old boy. Last month, another Haitian migrant was arrested in the same state for raping a -year-old girl.


Theyre raping and theyre killing people at levels that weve never seen. And youve seen whats going on in Colorado and you see whats gone in Chicago. As we speak heavily armed Venezuelan gangs have taken over entire apartment buildings and apartment complexes in Aurora, Colorado terrorizing the residents. Theyre taking over. In the old days, you had to pay to buy that building. They just take it over. Oh, the people are living in such fear. Theyve left.


Under Border Czar Harris, we are being conquered. Were being actually conquered if you think of it from within. But as soon as Im back in the White House, the conquest will end and the great liberation of America will begin and youre going to be the ones leading the pact.


We will take back every single square inch of American territory thats been invaded by these migrant gangs. Its been taken over. I mean, real estate patches have been taken over and this is just the beginning. You havent seen anything yet because theyre just sort of assimilating. And how about what theyre doing to our schools? Theyre going into schools. Theyre beating their hell out of our other pupils. Were giving them chairs and were telling people that have been, their families that have had their children in that school, You cant go to that school anymore.


We will dispatch ICE and the elite teams of federal law enforcement to clear out the gangs from Aurora and every other American city thats being torn up and victimized. And well get MS- and other vicious gangs out of our schools, out of our high schools, your communities and out of our country. Were going to get them out of our country fast. When I first came in, MS- was all over the place. We had so much. And I said, Take them back to their country, Honduras, Guatemala. Take them back. El Salvador.


And a general told me, Sir, we cant take them back. Why? They wont accept them. When the plane is ready to land, they have major aircraft landed all over the runway, so you cant land the plane. The bus is a stop. They broke up the road so you cant get the buses in. We cant get them back. They wont take them. They told us, Dont even think about bringing, well end up in a big fight. I said, How much money do we pay those? It was three countries in particular. And they have MS- criminals, the worst gang members. They make our gang members look like very sweet people. Thats the only thing good about it.


Our criminals look so nice by comparison. These are rough people. I said, How much money do we give these people? They said,  million. Sir, its $ million, sir. I said, Let them know that effective immediately, theyre not getting any more money. We give it as foreign aid like fools. We give so much money to people that dont have any respect for us at all. Tell them the money is cut off. They are defunded.


I wish I used that term. Were defunding. Were defunding them. Theyre delinquent, were defunding them. And they told them that. And the next day I get a call from the three countries. It was like almost early in the morning on the Oval office, Sir, there seems to be a problem. Is there anything I can do? You have to understand, they wouldnt let for years anybody come back. They got them out. They got their criminals out of the country, gave them to us.


When we sent them back, they said, Sir, is there a problem? I said, Yeah, you sent in caravans, all of these people and youre not taking them back. Youre going to take them back. Sure, we would love to take them back. Please. It would be our great honor to have MS- back in our country, sir. It would be great. We love MS- very much. They only killed five people a year per person. And they took him back. I still didnt pay them. I still didnt pay them.


But I just found out that now theyre getting $ billion with Biden. $ billion instead of the $ million, and they behaving worse than theyve ever behaved. I will support mandatory minimum sentences of  years for illegal alien gang members caught committing gun crimes, drug trafficking crimes, or acts of violence, or well send them back to their country with the assurance that theyll be put in prison. And I will make their home countries pay for the cost of their imprisonment through reduced foreign aid and high tariffs or taxes if they dont behave. The tariffs are great. If they dont behave, you just say, Thats okay. You dont have to behave. Im putting a % tariff on everything you send in. And they behave like little babies. The days of foreign nations dumping their criminals into America are over. I will stop the invasion. I will shut down deadly sanctuary cities and we will carry out the largest deportation operation because we have no choice in the history of our country.


By sealing the border, we will also push back the flood of fentanyl and other deadly drugs thats pouring into our country at record numbers. Under my administration, we reduced drug overdose deaths by first time in nearly three decades by quite a bit, but nothing like it could be because the only thing thats going to stop drug dealers from doing their job is a thing called the death penalty. And I dont know. People are ready for the death penalty.


Do you know a drug dealer kills during his or her life, an average of  people? So when you say the death penalty, and it ends, I was in China with President Xi. Before COVID I got along with him very well. After COVID, I didnt really deal with him. I wasnt so thrilled with him, but I got along with him. I had a good relationship. I said, You have . billion people. Do you have a drug problem? No, no, no. We have no drug problem. And what do you attribute that to? Death penalty.


Death penalty for drug dealers. They have no problem with one point. They have no problem. The only problem they have is they send the drugs to us. Under Kamala, drug overdose deaths are up %, but were going to stop the scourge. I will sign an executive order on my first day making it the official policy of the US government to completely eliminate the presidents of drug cartels and foreign gangs in the United States. Were going to eliminate them.


And as I did four years ago, we will deploy the US Navy to impose a full blockade on cartel activity. Because what they do is you block up the land all of a sudden. The money they make is astronomical. Boats are no problem. Getting the boats, buying the boats, owning the boats, no problem. I will get China to give their maximum death penalty to dealers of fentanyl. I had that deal worked out with President Xi and then when I left, they didnt do it. They didnt get it done. He probably said they forgot. They probably did. But we had a deal where he was going to impose the maximum penalty, which was death on dealers that were sending fentanyl to the United States. How good would that have been?


Starting on November th, the most important day in the history of our country, no neighborhood will be left to rot from the plague of drugs. No citizen will be abandoned to migrant gangs and no community will be surrendered to violent crime. We will take back our cities. We will clean up our streets. We will restore peace to our schools and together we will make America safe again for citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed. Together we will make America great again. And thank you very much for this great honor or the endorsement. God bless you. God bless our great police and God bless America. Thank you very much, pastor. Thank you very much. Thank you fellas. Thank you very much everybody.
